Where have you been my whole life??

My boyfriend came home one day and could not stop talking about his grocery haul that literally cost him $4.
When he finally took me, I could not stop raving about my grocery haul that cost me $6 (okay I have no control)

This place is incredible for produce.
You just cannot beat the prices here.
I will likely keep on going to other stores for processed foods since they only have a small selection, but this store really makes healthy eating affordable.

Will be coming back weekly!!The CUSTOMER SERVICE is horrible.
I asked one of their employees to help me and he was very impolite and I felt he was inappropriately flirting with me.
I wanted to tell the MANAGER and I found out he was one of them.
So, it won't happen to another young lady, I will disclose his name.
His name is Joe!

I decided to just leave the store because he made me feel very UNCOMFORTABLE!
I don't need to feel like I am being harassed and put in a very UNCOMFORTABLE position to go GROCERY SHOPPING.
BECAUSE OF Joe and his unwarranted flirtatious advances toward me, I will NEVER EVER SHOP AT STANLEY'S ON ELSTON FOR MY PRODUCE ANYMORE!
He made me feel horrible and unsafe in that store!
I hope he is gone because the location is very convenient for me.Produce can be expensive at Big-Box stores like Jewel and Mariano's.
And the Farmer's Markets can get pricey as well.

Stanley's is a madhouse on weekends.
Most of the people living in the Green Zone come here to get Whole Food quality produce at more reasonable prices.

That said, it is still worth it to trek out here when we can and get tons of produce for under $30 YMMV.Ambiance: small grocery store Food: 2/5 (mainly fruits and veggies, hence the name) Service: N/A

I felt like I was being dishonest by not updating my review.
While Stanley's was first impressive when I moved to Chicago, I've been more disappointed with their produce selection each time.
While Stanley's can have really great sales (ie: 2 packages of blueberries for $1 or 7 kiwis for $1 or something awesome like that), the freshness and the quality of the item is really lacking.

You have to be really careful with their packaged fruit, especially when there's a good sale, I almost always see mold patches.
I understand wanting to clear off the merchandise but I also don't want to bring home moldy food.
When the items aren't on sale, it's often more expensive than places like Jewel.
While Stanley's is close and convenient, I find myself shopping here less and less.I heard about Stanley's through Yelp.
I decided to check it out yesterday.
Then store is basically comprised of fruits and vegetables with a sections for deli meat, bread and things such as hummus, milk, tortillas, eggs etc

I loved that they had spring mix salad in a bulk container.
I filled a clear plastic bag and it cost me only 1.27.

The vegetable selection is very good and everything is pretty fresh (except for the cherry tomatos they had on special for 99 cents but that makes sense that they would be on special lol)

I found the fruit selection to be good Pretty standard (nothing crazy like no passionfruit or anything like that) just the basic fruit.
One thing I realized is the fruit was actually more expensive than jewel.

I found that the vegetables were cheaper than the average store but the fruit not so much.

Milk, eggs etc sre more expensive than the grocery store.

Hummus was super cheap 1.49!
And tasty!

Baguette bread was really good and regular price.

Tortillas were 3 for 1.49 (49,49 and 51 cents) a bit more than jewels 45 cents or Aldis 3 for 1 dollar ..but they were warm still!
Which was like wow!!

The store is kept clean.
The store has a very large parking lot.
They do have bags incase you forget your bags.

I'm not 100% sure if I'd go out if my way to come here for fruit.
But for potatoes and veggies definitely!

The reason for my 4 out of 5 starPrices on some items Cut into 1 or 2 apples I bought and one was brown rotted inside.
I use to work in the fruit industry in Canada as a side job ..some apples can be kept in refrigeration up to 6 months.
This is a prime example of an apple that has been kept in a cooler and not fresh even though it looked fresh.
It is what it is but it was a waste of my money which was disappointing.
And the fact my husband didnt get his apple in his lunch (lol) !!!Something happened here.
Sadly this is not the Stanley's I've grown to love over the years.

It seems that the quality has very much suffered recently.
Items are frequently out, hours decreased, things I've purchased for years have been discontinued (hello heavy cream?), and I'm not sure what hole some of the new staff crawled out of.

They've also recently closed the salad bar.

I've watched a juice bar attendant drop produce on the dirty floor and pick back up and put right into a juicer for someone's drink.

I used to get all my deli meat here also as I love the fact they carry Boar's Head and all natural deli meats and cheeses.
Exceptional quality and okay prices.
But who wants curly little beard hairs in their deli meat?!
For the Love of food safety- WEAR A FREAKING BEARD NET or work a different job. #sogrossMy husband and I REALLY wanted to love Stanley's.
We're recent Chicago transplants and in making runs to and from Crate and Barrel down the street, we've driven by Stanley's probably half a dozen times and have commented every time on how cute the logo is.

Today we finally made it there to do some grocery shopping.
The deals certainly can't be beat: We got a box of cherry tomatoes, a huge bag of Brussels sprouts, a massive sweet potato, a cucumber, two red onions, two bottled drinks, 8 plums and a massive chunk of feta all for $20.

It all looked fresh enough, but upon prepping dinner tonight I realized that half of the Brussels sprouts were moldy, the sweet potato had a brown, rotten core, the tomatoes were shriveled and a quarter of each of the onions was brown.

I guess the deal with Stanley's is that everything is a bargain, but I would expect the fruit and veg to be mostly or even somewhat fresh.
(And we used to shop at Whole Foods 365 so we're not averse to buying "ugly" produce.)
I've never had this experience even when shopping from my crappy corner bodega in New York.Great produce but short shelf life, which is fine by me since I freeze most of my fruit for smoothies.
I do need them to either train all their staff OR put up a sign about bagging.
It seems every time I bring my own bag, the cashiers NEVER bag my items.
Yet when I pay for a 0.7 for a bag, the cashiers bag my items no problem.
If that is the store rule, I wish they would put up a sign.
It would avoid me have to scramble to bag my own items quickly, before the next persons items come rolling in my direction.
Also why am I still getting charged for a Chicago Beverage Tax on my smoothie purchases?? (receipt in the photos) It's January 2018!I love Stanley's.
This review is long past due.
I have been going for at least a decade and it is the best deal in town.
Use the produce quickly.
Got strawberries here last summer and made jam for wedding favors for my sister.
It was lovely!Inexpensive fruit !
Come here when in the area to get my fruit.
They always have fruit outside that is at an even reduced price.
I got fresh mint for 1.49 most times I am paying over 3.00.
So that it's a win for me.Please don't close.
I've shopped At Stanley's multiple times and their specials on produce is ridiculous.
I've heard today on the radio they might close because of Land development.
It's one of those places around Lincoln Park that doesn't feel bougie with prices to match its modest format.
Please don't close.I think Stanley's is the best spot for fresh fruit and vegetables in Chicago.

-Prices are always fantastic. -Selection is varied and seasonal. -They also have good prepared foods including awesome homemade chips and pico de gallo!Stanley's is A-OK!
Many of the items are real gems and a real steal!
Some items are a little bruised and dented and the prices reflect that fact.
I have been here a lot and in my opinion there is real value to be had!
Enjoy it while you can because the gentrification bulldozer is on it's way.First off, just down the street on W North Ave is an amazing view of the city.
Okay, the store itself is clean and has a lot of offerings.
Good prices on everything; produce, pasta, EVOO, canned goods, deli meats, etc.
I used to bike here from Lincoln Park so I never had an issue with parking but the intersection is busy and the parking lot is always full.
They always have a good selection at good prices.My all time, favorite fruit and veggies store.
The prices are great and the selection is pretty good.
Every time I am there the staff is putting things out and very helpful.

I appreciate the good prices on organic produce.

They have a juice and salad bar- the juice bar is very good (try the Stanley's with Habanero pepper).

Pro tipKeep a lookout for their strawberry special; an entire box for $1 or $2 (that's 12-16 cases).Shopping at Stanley's is part of my weekly routine!
The location is easy to get to & their parking lot is a plus.
Stanley's has the BEST prices on fresh fruit, veggies, and Boars Head meat/cheeses in their deli.
They are a part of the Spring Rewards program, so I love getting that $5 discount every few trips.

I've recently started trying to cut back on plastic waste while grocery shopping & this has been one of my favorite places to shop while doing so!
I love that so much of their produce is sold unpackaged...celery, broccoli, carrots, etc.
It's also the only place I've found in the city to sell unpackaged spinach.
Thank you, Stanley's!UH HOW DID I NOT FIND THIS PLACE SOONER?!
I literally will not shop anywhere else for produce (which is basically the only food I buy).
Name a fruit or vegetable and this place has it.
AND not only do they have it, but they have a LOT of it.
AND not only do they have a lot of it - it's SO cheap.
I feel like i am constantly ripped off by Mariano's and Trader Joe's - paying tremendous prices for half *ss fruits and veggies.
(eg. avocados on the sales floor that I can legit stick my finger through) I legitimately bought daikon radishes, onions, red bell peppers, ginger, strawberries, raspberries, and a pineapple all for $11.
Are you serious?
If you can't tell, I'm actually in love.
Stanley's you rock my world.
Please don't ever leave meStarted coming for a month or so here.
Love the great deals they carry.
Especially the variety of organic produce.

What really made me come back was the salad bar. $1.49 a pound.
And the juice bar was great.
Everyday i come around 5pm Thursday- sunday.
And the staff are so friendly.
Super clean .
My favorite part is when i call ahead for my 3 green monster one special employee who even if i cant remember her name she has such great customer service and such a warm heart.
I will defenetly will continue my routines here.
My drinks are so delicious i only request her to do them.

I highly recomend this place and will tell all my friends.My parents have shopped at Stanley's since the early 90s and I've grown up on the delicious produce and friendly customer service.
Peter always treats us like family when we come by for a visit from the suburbs.
Please send him my regards!Thanks to Stanley's, I ordered a juicer from Amazon.

I'm in awe of the prices here!
Their produce is the cheapest I've ever seen anywhere!!
Apparently, they purchase from bigger stores like Whole Foods when these stores overbought and are not selling.
This doesn't necessarily the quality is bad, just that these produce are not wanted at a quick rate elsewhere.

Though, I would warn to only buy what you can eat within 3-4 days because it doesn't necessarily mean that everything is the freshest either.

Some amazing finds that I was really excited about - .79 cent organic blueberries!
Green beans .69 cents/lb! big ass bag of spring mix, $3.99!
Red bell peppers .39 cents/lb!!
I've seen bell peppers to be $1.99/lb at other stores which led me to avoid buying them but thanks to Stanley's, it's so affordable, I have nothing to avoid now.

Super excited for all the summer produce to come in and even more excited to start juicing some apples and carrots!Winter...not the best time for fresh produce.
I've been to Stanley's throughout the last several years and I hate to say it, although prices are very affordable, the quality hasn't been great.
On the this last trip, I was hoping to find some great greens for my two pet bunnies.
The lettuces looked really droopy and sad, and I knew that they wouldn't eat it if I got it.
The baby bok choy looked ok, so I got a few of those.
Their packaged herbs were a great deal $.98 for your choice of mint, basil, rosemary, or thyme and the citrus fruit and apples looked ok, but I surprisingly walked away with hardly anything.
I think the summer is a better time to come by, but for now, I think I'll stick to my local Whole Foods market.Love coming here for all my fruits and vegetables.
The apples are always tasty and the oranges always seem to be perfect.
And I really love the staff here always cashed out with a smile.Stanley's...is...just...incredible!
For someone like myself whose primary diets are veggies and fruit (except occasionally I do splurge myself with meat and seafood), Stanley's is one of the most economical veggies/fruit markets in the city.

If I were to live closer to Stanley's, my grocery bills would be cut in half.
It's located on the southwest corner of Elston and North Ave.
The sole choice of public transportation is the CTA #72 (North Ave.) bus.
Otherwise, it's a 20-minute walk westbound from the CTA North/Clybourn Red Line station.

If you like organic veggies and fruit, Stanley's has awesome prices on them.
Forget your local W*ole Fo#ds.
Once you've shopped at Stanley's once, you are officially hooked!

There's a juice bar and a deli meat counter.
However, I always go straight to find my everyday essentials: spinach, onion, green onion, tomatoes, strawberries, bananas, and apples.
By the way, their avocados are often priced very reasonably and ripened just right.

They have a customer parking lot.
Watch all of the blind spots and be careful with drivers backing off; spaces are as tight as the ones in Joong Boo Korean Market on Kimball.

Saying that I love this place is an understatement.Let me say I've been going to Stanley's since childhood and they are known for good priced fresh fruits and vegetables.
And as an adult who doesn't live nearby anymore and travels from Hyde Park it has to be good.
However, this week and couple other times I have not gotten the quality I expected.
This Monday June 27th I grab a pack of the fresh strawberries on sale.
Just a $1.
Wow!!!
Wonderful I'll have a enough for a salad and maybe a smoothie.
But that's not what happened.
Tuesday evening I noticed the fruit was molding.

Perhaps the fruit was marked down for a quick sale but there was no signage to indicate that.
This was a good pack.
So I thought.

Disappointed!
I want to continue shopping at the locale.
The workers are really nice and there has always been good customer service.
I just need the insurance of quality on all products.
No one should have to buy food and not expect for it to last a decent amount of time and 24hrs doesn't count it.

This week I'll stick to the farmers market.I've been going to Stanley's for the last 3 years and even though I've moved a bit further away I still make the trip from time to time.
The produce there is typically priced better than other stores I shop at and they have a decent selection.
If you shop the deals you will save money but be sure to inspect the produce as sometimes it is already going bad.
They don't carry everything I need but it's great to stock up on produce, Stanley's chips (!!!), breads, bulk spices and then some.Amazing prices !!!
If you love fruits and veggies or you are a raw vegan this is the spot!
They also have some cold cuts and cheeses, nuts, bread, and soup bar.
I am definitely coming back again and again for all my fruits and veggies.
Better prices than any other supermarket around Chicago!If your trying to stock up on veggies and fruits for a low price, this is the spot!!
And did I mention, they have a juicery (is that even a word?!)..well it's amazingly cheap as well, check it out!

Many bring in their own mason jars and get days worth of juice--no extra charge, but customers are told to pick it up hours after (depending on how busy they are)!
Awesome idea!

One thing about Stan's is that the fruits and veggies need to be eaten right away, as most everything here is super ripe and ready to eat!I get so excited to go to Stanley's!
Seriously it's the most cost effective way to buy produce in Chicago and the quality is great.
Plus there's a nice sized parking lot which is always a win.I don't think I can sum up into words how much I love Stanley's.
I'm routinely able to get all of my weekly produce for $25-30.
It is fresh and lasts!
The deli area is also very good and they have a dairy/egg/packaged goods section that makes it a one stop shop!
The pico is very tasty and tastes homemade.

I order my meat online, so I don't need anything other than Stanley's!
Even at crummy Jewel, my produce is $50+ and is usually rotten by the time I get home!

The parking can be cray...so don't go on Sunday afternoon.
Otherwise, it's extremely accessible and even has a generous parking lot.
Favorite grocery story ever with an amazing selection!I'm new to the area and discovered this place a couple months ago.
It's gotten me and my family back to eating more produce with their great prices.
I shop there weekly.
Make sure you follow them on Facebook to get their weekly specials.I wish I had known about this place when I lived on the north side of Chicago!!!!
Great prices and great options.
I'll have to try the juice bar next time around.The store has ample variety of produce including a pretty large organic selection.
It is very inexpensive.
They also make great chips in house .
I can't help myself and always buy a few bags.
It can get extremely crowded so I try to shop weekdays early in the morning to avoid crowds.It's sad that there aren't more of these fresh markets around.
I've been wanting to come here for awhile and I was able to snag a Groupon! ($20 for $30 worth).
When in LP, I go to the Aldi/TJoes on Clybourn but Stanley's is comparable to Cermak Produce by my house in Bport.

Definitely made the mistake of going Sunday afternoon.
We had to wait about five minutes for a parking spot to open up.
We just waited until a customer was leaving, which was the strategy for others as well, so definitely dependent on luck on where you are situated relative to leaving customers.
Could definitely see things being more hectic in the lot.

Right away, I notice everything to be pretty cheap, some things even cheaper than that of Cermak.
While others noted that things are super ripe and will go bad soon, this was not the case for me.
The produce looked fresh there and after taking it home, all seem to be lasting their normal life span.
At least, produce here (unlike Cermak - which I frequent), aren't sprayed with chemicals and preservatives.
The produce at Stanley's is also of higher quality than that of Jewel and Mariano's (at least the ones in the LP area).
While Aldi is stepping up their game of produce, it is still quite limited and things are small and prepackaged into groups (e.g. 2 small broccoli heads into 1 package).
At Stanley's, you have many options and savings are even greater.

Love that they have some ethnic staples like Chinese eggplant, bok choy, plantains, okra...and much more.
They also have bean sprouts, which was impossible to find in all the grocery stores in the northside (including Jewel, Mariano's and Whole Foods).

Some highlights for me...
Spring mix by the lb.!!!
I forgot how much per lb. exactly, but I was able to fill a giant bag which was enough salad for lunch for the week for under $2!
Stanley's chips are fantastic and don't think I could eat generic chips loaded with MSG anymore.
I tried the salt & vinegar but am dying to try other flavors (jalapeno, ranch, bbq)...a big bag for $2.99 (filled with chips and not air)!
Their deli is awesome! 1/2 lb. of Boar's Head maple honey ham and 1/2 lb. of Boar's Head low sodium turkey for about the same price, maybe a smidgeon more, than Oscar Mayer's deli fresh lunch meat.
A bunch (8?) bananas that were perfectly a little green that will ripen in a couple of days for $1!
Also, a nice lookin' spaghetti squash for a dollar something!

So many other goodies I will let you to explore and discover yourself, but you can get majority of what you need here, as they do have pasta, coffee, canned beans and tomatoes...Almond milk was the only thing I found to be pricey here but to be expected.
Also expected, they don't carry boxed items (cereal) and frozen items.

Definitely will try the juice bar some time and will have to make Stanley's a regular trip, but will come at a less popular time.
Staff was also quite nice here!

*I was looking on their website and apparently they will deliver your order the next day if you live within a 3 mile radius for a $3 delivery fee.
Not sure how it all works with items being priced by the pound but even with the delivery fee, it's worth it imo, especially compared to the prices of the other grocery stores around.I decided to visit Stanley's after seeing the great reviews on Yelp and hearing about the low prices.
I'm normally a Whole Foods girl because I must have my organic fruits and veggies.
However shopping at Whole Foods can be expensive, so I decided to give this place a try.
It wasn't difficult to find the building sits on the corner of an intersection.
There is plenty of parking space so you don't have to worry there.
Ok so now on to the produce!
The minute you hit the door you can't help but gawk at all the abundant colors of assorted fruits and veggies.
I grabbed my basket and started shopping.
However my excitement quickly faded when I realized there were limited options for organic produce, they didn't even have organic tomatoes.
So to sum it up the prices are great but if buying organic is your thing this is not the place for you.Fantastic.
I am so sad that Stanley's may soon cease to exist, with them putting up the property for sale...

1) Fresh fruits and vegetables galore, with a small deli selection and a juice bar (!!!).
Vegetarian paradise.
Bulk spring mix and spinach bins! 2) The super low cost specials are obviously for produce that's got a shorter shelf life, so buy those and take 'em home and cook ASAP.
But they're so worth it.
Today I got a 49 cent clamshell of strawberries that smelled amazing and immediately went into drink mixes/dessert.
I also got a $1 pack of raspberries, and tons of vine ripe tomatoes that turned into pico de gallo and shakshuka.
2) Very large variety, including organic at prices that remind me of conventional at J*wel or M*riano's...
3) They have Amish eggs -- and duck eggs!
The certification for organic is posted right next to the display.
They also have a variety of Wisconsin cheeses, and a small sundry island with pasta/grains/etc.
This is not the place for you to stock up your pasta arsenal, but should you need something for a vegetable forward dish you can snag it fairly reasonably here.
4) Today I spent a whopping TWENTY DOLLARS on enough produce for a week and some change, with a few extras.
I am currently enjoying some nice, crunchy 33 cent carrots with $1.49 hummus I picked up on special.

Worth the trip.
More free parking than the norm in Chitown.Still the best fruit store in Chicago but on 7/8/17 was there but the place was a mess.
Old stuff veggies left to rot on shelves.
Luncmeat guy was a snail.
Lots shelves not organized.
What was this 2 bag limit on cherries is unheard of.
Then the signs hand written not readable.
Wtf happened to this place!?Loved it here from the first time I went.
I don't remember how I found out about it but it was love at first visit.

Produce, produce, produce!!
It's a vegan dream!
They have every vegetable you can imagine and all the staples for everyday living.
But what's the best part??
It's super cheap!!!
Here's the deal: they get nearly expired produce in the masses.
Why it's good for you?
It makes you eat lots of veggies and you get them at a great price!
They even have an organic section!!!
I love it here!
I don't think my total have ever been over $35 for a week worth of veggies for a 3 girl house hold.
You have to be careful with the fruit because it is truly very ripe and ready to go bad any day, but that's why the price is so good!

I love coming here for juicing ingredients!
Speaking of juice they recently added their own juice bar and it's awesome.
Love me a green juice with tumeric booster on a Saturday morning.
Speaking of morning: get there early.
This place gets packed and it's small so you will have to wait for parking and be annoyed by the tightness if you go after 9am on the weekends.

The people that work there are super friendly from the people at the juice bar to the registers and the owner who you can sometimes catch at check out.
Ugh I just love it here.
Wish North Ave wasn't such a shit show all the time.
I'd go more oftenThis had to be the best shopping I've done since forever...
Stanley's makes healthy eating affordable!!!
It's a must!!!This place is the best produce market on the North Side.
The food is fresh, delicious, and easily 1/3 of the price compared to Jewel or Whole Foods.
My family has been shopping here for decades.
Unfortunately it's going to close in about a year as the property has been sold to the Lincoln Yards development project.
Get there while you can and enjoy their fantastic juice bar, fresh bread, delicious deli, and organic produce at the best prices in the city.
It's a North Side staple that could not be beat in my opinion.A huge reason I miss living in the city!
Stanley's is by far the best produce market in and around Chicago.
Amazing selection and prices.
In the summer it's basically a farmer's market without the sticker shock.
Whether you're juicing, making a stir fry, cook from scratch, eat healthy, love veggies, or want to save money, go to Stanley's!Excellent prices and vast assortment of veggies and fruits.
Yes it is "fresh" but the produce from Stanley's does not last as long as produce bought from traditional grocery stores.
Buy veggies for 2-3 days out and save some serious cash.We were driving by this place and I have always heard about it so we stopped in.
Good prices and a pretty decent selection.
Much cheaper than the Whole Paycheck lol.
Check it out if you are in the area.
They have free parking.I will say when you shop at Stanley's you get what you pay for.
The food is ridiculously cheap to the point of you wanting to purchase everything because you may not be used to seeing fruit and vegetables that low priced.
I found myself doing that very thing because it was my first time visiting Stanley's and I was so excited.

I did notice that the fruits that I purchased didn't last as long as the other grocery stores I typically shop.
Luckily my friends that had experience shopping at Stanley's were there to give me advice on what things to stay away from.

If you shop here please make sure to only buy what you need and not try to stock up on items because everything is so affordable.
You'll reduce the amount of food waste!Stanley's is my Sunday afternoon staple.
It's honestly the best place to start your grocery shopping for the week.
So good that I actually make two grocery stops, first to Stanley's and then to jewel or Mariano's (only because Stanley's doesn't have meat/seafood or a large dry goods section).
They definitely have the cheapest prices for produce in the city.
Yes, a lot of it needs to be used within a few days, but you can still find fresh product there.
They also just started selling some poultry items and I definitely suggest their Amish chicken breast.
They have a great Deli counter, as well as a new salad bar and juice station.
Their homemade pita chips are great as well and highly suggest their I homemade guacamole and salsa.
Stanley's is a Chicago gem!Wow such low prices!
But everything is old and definitely NOT fresh.
Mold all over the berries, wilted lettuce.
Wasn't thrilled with this experience.Always great selection of fruits and vegetables for way cheaper that the big grocery stores.
Definitely worth making a stop before your regular grocery stores.This place is fantastic.
I come here every couple of weeks for all of my produce, and some other nuanced stuff like deli fresh Kalamata olives.
The produce is always fresh, and the prices are unbelievable.
Even the stuff that's not perfectly fresh is fresh, but they place it at the entrance and the discounts are steep.
For instance, a small box of strawberries at the entrance is usually $0.25.
Customer service is always on point here, too.
I've yet to have a less than stellar check out experience.
The lines do get a little long, but they tend to move pretty quick.
Anyway, they also have a limited selection of raw meats, and a pretty decent deli where you can get fresh carved turkey, cheeses, hams, and more.
This is my go-to place for produce.
I get everything else from TJs, Target, or at the edge of earth - Jewel.Interesting place.
Stanley's is pretty small, relatively speaking.
They mainly have produce (at great prices).
And, their produce selection is very wide and the quality looks good.
They do have a small deli counter, a and a limited selection of breads, imported canned and bottled goods.

With the small size and good prices, it was quite crowded.
Good for them.
But, the checkout lines moved very quickly.
Once we made our selections, and made it through the crowds, checkout was easy.
Price-wise, we came in well below what we had budgeted for the trip.The manager is rude and ungrateful of his customers.
My father found money in the Stanley's parking lot.
He did the right deed and went to the manager to see if anyone lost money.
My father requested if someone comes into the store and reports they recently lost money to have the manager contact him via phone.
My father wrote down his phone number and gave it to the manager.
The manager wanted to know the amount of money and my father refused to tell him.
(You never tell the amount).
The manager thought this was offensive and berated my father.
The manager refused to listen and subsequently returned my father's phone number.
I am beyond shocked at the manager's actions.
Stanley's management should be ashamed of themselves.I'm lucky to live so close to Stanley's, because I will never have to splurge on organic tomatoes ever again.
Most produce is definitely on the ripe side, so it's probably not a good idea to buy a whole bunch of tomatoes or berries expecting them to last for more than a week.
Aside from fruits and vegetables, Stanley's also sells a variety of dairy products, canned goods, and freshly made salads at the new salad bar.
My favorite part of shopping there is grabbing a freshly made juice for the road (Stanley Kick is the way to go).
My only gripe is that it gets extremely busy on the weekends and the parking lot can be a mess, so avoid those hours!I LOVE Stanley's!
I go there at least twice a week.
I'm obsessed with the Stanley's kick fresh from the Juice Bar.
I get it with double kale and can't get enough of it!
I hit up the deli while I wait for the juice and grab some Boar's Head deli meat.
It's at least $3-4lb cheaper than most grocery stores.
They have delicious sliced Ciabatta bread too.
I love that I can get a week's worth of produce for well under $10!
They often have crazy cheap berries out front or by the front windows.
Sometimes $.49/ container, sometimes $1/flat!!
Sometimes organic too!!
Only downfall is you usually need to use/prepare within a few days but that's easy to do.
Fresh herbs for $1 pack!
Love Stanley's!!Stanley's is great.
They have a wide variety and is incredibly inexpensive.
The cashiers are nice and quick.
My only issue is that you have to use the produce right away or it will go bad but then again that's probably why it's so cheap.
So if you're going to eat it now or freeze it Stanley's is fantasticFinally had a chance to shop here for the first time.
After searching high and low for some guava Stanley's came through.
Sadly my friend and I were also on the hunt for some blueberries which they did not have.
I love that they have a pretty large parking lot, as I am sure they can tend to get very busy.

They only downside is checking out takes awhile since people come here to stock up on goodies.
I look forward to coming here again!OWNERS this is about the juice coffee salad bar: please bring back tipping.
The staff deserve it esp when making slightly custom versions (e.f. no lime or no oj in a blend) early morning or during rush.
Juice is one of the best things about going to shop with you and your staff help make this true.When it comes to produce there is only one place that I shop, here at Stanley's.
The prices are insane.
I really don't understand who things are kept so affordable here.
It isn't a place you should shop if you're not planning to use what you buy immediately as whatever you buy is at it's peak and will go bad pretty quickly.
The best values in the store are the Coffee, from Intellegensia and Metric, which at only $10, is cheaper than you would pay if you went directly to either of their main stores.
You are able to get high quality coffee, for slightly less than you would pay for at Starbucks.
The othe big deal is the fresh herbs, at only a buck fifty will make you easily ditch that garden for the convinence of being able to but them here in abundance.
Also their brand of chips is not to be missed and did I mention that they deliver?When you go to a fruit market in the city and get strawberries, blueberries and Cedar Hummus for $0.98 a pack it's a deal!
I got some wonderful produce including blood oranges too.
I love the variety and the low prices for veggies and fruit it makes healthy affordable.
I wish we didn't live so far from it.
It has busy lot busy store it's always packed full of shoppers.
They are a good deal I'm glad to go there once in awhile when I can convince my husband to help me drive out there,This is my number one place to go to for fresh fruits and vegetables!
The are always fresh and your can't best the price.
For sure one of the cheapest places for fruits and vegetables in Chicago!
You will not be disappointed!
Went in there and came out of a cart full of fruits and vegetables for $18.37!
My fiance and I go through fruits and vegetables so fast and allows is to enjoy!Stanley, you have my heart to the core!

Cherries: 98 cents a lb ?!
Apples: 89 cents a lb?! 3 onions for a dollar?

Yes, yes, and yes!

These are just some examples of the great sales they have at Stanley's!
They vary from week to week but the produce is consistently in decent shape, lasts at least four days from date of purchase (obviously some more than others - their sweet potatoes last FOREVER), and their staff is quick and friendly.

The only downfall I can think about is that it's pretty hard to get to via public transit but I always make it a priority to get there, somehow, at least once a week.

Go!We love Stanley's.
There is no better place to get cheap produce in the city.
They even have a decent sized organic section!

We have been fans of Stanley's for many years (who doesn't love an entire case of strawberries for 98 cents??) but I felt compelled to post after shopping here while preparing for a juice cleanse.

Juicing takes a LOT of produce and people think it gets really expensive.
But if you can pick up the bulk of your produce at Stanley's it's very reasonable.

Last week for less than $45 I picked up:

6 bunches of organic kale 1 head of organic romaine 8 organic cucumbers 20 green apples 4 pears 2 bunches of fresh ginger 1 pack of fresh sage 1 bunch of parsley 1 bunch of cilantro 5-6 yellow onions 4 roma tomatoes 1 pack cherry tomatoes 1 fresh coconut 10 limes 8 lemons 4 packs of organic celery 2 zucchini 2 acorn squash 6 red peppers 2 packs of blueberries 2 portabello mushroom caps 8 small avocados 1 head of broccoli

ONE avocado is usually $2 at any other grocery store!

The key to Stanley's is to make it your first trip when grocery shopping.
It's small and the cashiers are quick.
Get in with your list and get what you can, then go to another store to get the rest of your items.
What they have available changes frequently, they won't always have everything you want.

They do have awesome seasonal deals.
In the summer its common to see flats of strawberries outside for $1/case (8 packs) or sweet corn for 10/$1.

Right now they have pumpkins, squashes, gourds, and bales of hay out front for cheap for everyone who's doing their fall decorating.For 90% of fruits and veggies Stanley's is the place to go....in lieu of a good seasonal Farmer's Market, at least.
Stanley's selection and freshness can't be beat and for the most part, price, though a few exceptions you want to keep in mind.

For instance, there are random instances where price-wise you would do better, ie strawberries at $4.50, Blueberries at nearly the same, where you could get them for around 1/2 that at the big chain grocers in the Chicago market.

End of the day, this is where you should get most, if not all your fruits/veg and be happier and healthier for it, financially and otherwise.I was going to Stanley's market specifically for the home made pico de gallo, it was the best in the Chicago area.
Recently Stanley's market started to sell another brand (Jaffa Salads) version of pico de gallo, don't waste your money.
Please bring back your home made jewel.
The guacamole is still home made that's a plus.
Please bring back your freshly made pico de gallo.
Still looking for that perfect blend.
HalReally great prices and a lot of organic options.
You can also get fresh juice for $2!O Stanley's....don't ever go changing.
This produce store also has wonderful breads, great deli meats and cheeses and a carries a good selection of Mediterranean salads (think tabouli, lentil salads, chickpea salads...).
It is my weekly stop to fill up the fridge with fresh fruits and vegetables and I always find what at an extremely fair price.
The items that are on sale are at a crazy low price and, yes, it is true that you should plan on cooking / eating them sooner than later.
But seriously people, you think that Whole Foods apple for 6x the price is really gonna last you THAT much longer?!?
I walk out of there with stuffed bags full of my favorites for less than $20!!
And on a fun coincidence, I swear the same woman has rung me up the last 5 times (at least)....such a sweetheart!
Thank you Stanley's for being my fruits and veggie home :)As a relatively new transplant to Chicago, it takes awhile to figure out where to get all your groceries from.
We now get all of our fruits and veggies from Stanley's.

The only thing is, BE CAREFUL with some of the produce as some of it is currently molding, or basically just about to go bad.
In general, everything is pretty good, but for example a couple days ago, the green lettuce was seriously wilted, there were moldy strawberries that were on sale.
So just make sure you look at your produce well.

However, I feel like this is a great place for very affordable fruit and veggies.
Good amount of parking.
Try to stay away from here on the weekends, can get super crazy in there!
And I don't like being crowded when buying food...

Can't say anything about the deli section as we only buy the fruits and veggies.Stanley's is a great stop for fresh produce and breads.
They have a decent organic selection and, well, low prices!
Yes, you have to be somewhat selective about what you purchase (the super deals may have mold in a portion of packages so choose wisely) and the produce isn't going to last for weeks.
But, it's an excellent value and a good one-stop veggie place!Stanley's has great prices on very ripe produce.
Excellent buys available, if and only if, you can eat everything you buy within 2-3 days of buying it!
There's a small organic produce selection, an even smaller selection of fresh herbs.
A deli is available and breads.
I love Stanley's.
The have a small free parking lot.
Friendly efficient staff, quick checkout linesI almost don't want to review this place because I want it to be Chicago's best kept grocery secret buuuut I come here so often I should.
The produce is SO cheap like unbelievably so.
I literally would walk out with three giant bags full of fresh veggies and fruits for under $10!
Some of the more notable deals I have seen- packs of blueberries, blackberries for 2/$1 (whaaaaaat???!).
One time I literally got three huge grocery bags full of bananas for a few bucks (smoothies!).
They also always have great deals on loose Spinach and greens.
Some of their produce seems to be from Canada?
Maybe that's why it's so cheap?
Honestly I have no idea but I don't want it to stop.
They also have a great smoothie and fresh juice bar with a full salad bar as well which is incredibly affordable and way better than sweetgreen or other expensive salad chains.
They also sell eggs and cheese from local farmers which I like and am willing to pay a little more for.
They also have a deli in the back of the store that you can buy deli meats and cheese by the lb. they have a good sized parking lot but if you come during rush hour- after work on weekdays and on afternoon weekends when everyone and their mother is trying to pick up groceries it may be harder to park.
I never have had an issue though.
Way to go Stanleys!
They also have a great point system on an app and I've gotten $3, $5, off, free juices at times as well!!BEST PRODUCE MARKET!!

I have shopped at Jewel, Whole Foods, and Mariano's looking for fresh produce, and even with their higher prices, I sometimes come up empty handed because the avocados are hard as rocks or total mush.

Stanley's is AWESOME!
It's spacious, and the multitude of produce available is just simply impressive.
For $21 I bought a bunch of kale, cilantro, 2 yellow onions, 2 jalapenos, a container of olive tapenade hummus, a package of pita bread, 2 deliciously ripe mangos, yellow, red, and green bell peppers, fennel, fresh thyme, limes, perfectly ripe avocados, carrots, potatoes, and a big bag of tomatillos.

I will here on always do my produce shopping at Stanley's!!
The best.Before you just walk into Stanley's and start buying up every last fruit and vegetable, all while telling yourself "I saved so much money!"
It might help to pay attention to the price.
I also think many shoppers make this mistake at larger corporations which require membership fees to even make a purchase.
Right there, the $30/$50 you spend can be divided and added to the items you purchase over the year, and pretty much you come out even going anywhere else.
I definitely have a limited income, and I secretly laugh at my friends who take me to these membership corporations, thinking they are doing me a favor.
I watch them purchase items which are well over priced, or the same as anywhere else.

My visits to Stanley's (I have been here more than what my 2 check-ins reflect) are always hit or miss.
Stanley's has had the best sale on asparagus I have ever seen at a produce market.
Of course, this was last summer, and I am pretty sure it was during the asparagus season.
Yes, for those shoppers who are not familiar with when produce is seasonal, you're really doing yourself a disservice and you need to do some research.
When produce is in season, this means the pricing will come down.
I hate cooking with a passion.
If I am going to spend money on food, it better be a good deal.

Typically I go with friends.
I am usually aghast with what deals my culinary arts friends pass over.
How can you be in the industry and not know a good deal when you see it?
My last visit, I was alone, thank goodness, and decided to give this market a thorough investigation.
Really, I was not impressed.
Apples, like Danny W. had brought up, were priced much like a major chain would price out theirs.
One of my health tricks is making sure I have apples.
First, it takes more calories to burn off an apple, than the calories found in an apple.
Second, I always eat an apple with a fatty meal because it slows down absorption of the fat into your system.
Bottom line, I am always watching prices on apples.

What I did notice was that Stanley's had a deli.
Not even advertised as a sale, their lunchmeat was reasonably priced, even the roast beef!
I also noticed their hummus was a decent price, if not typical, but I had never come across some of the flavors I found here.
I can't wait to try the horseradish hummus!
I got the last container so it must be a hot seller.

You may not find prices that seduce you, however, I am always impressed with the quality of their produce.
Far beyond that of a major chain or any grocery store in Chicago (what is it with grocery stores in the city?
Gross!
Even the ones closest to the Gold Coast), Stanley's will always have produce which doesn't look like it has been bathed in pesticides... even if it has; or even if some of the produce has started to go bad.
It still looks fresh and like a healthy decay.

Like I have said, my beef with Stanley's would be their lack of consistently offering good deals on all of their produce.
If you don't know your way around fruits and vegetables, then you're not going to come out ahead shopping here.
I'm probably not doing myself much of a favor by driving all the way out to Skokie to shop, but I think it's worth the cost in gas just to encourage the Euro Markets to keep delivering fresh produce at an affordable price.
Yes, I would much rather hand them my money.Review by B:

Stanley's is amazeballs!!!!!!!!

I'm madly in love with Stanley's!
I've been shopping here for years and I'm never disappointed.
Store is clean and staff is always friendly and helpful.

Last night I stopped in and got 2 big bags of fruits and veggies for $5.36!

Yay!Excellent choice of organics in the city.
Great selection of other as well.
All produce is fresh and the staff is pleasant.
We will be back.Beware if you love to cook and love deals... go here ONLY with a list that you plan to stick to!
Despite the insanely cheap prices I still can manage to spend $70 here...
I over shop and end up with produce to feed the Duggars.
On the upside I love to cook and Stanley's will fulfill ALL your produce needs.

I was impressed at the selection, the low prices and the freshness.
I also like the fresh bread and small section of Greek items and pasta's.
The store has regular produce plus organic produce, some dry goods, a section for deli meats, fresh breads and a small refrigerated items case with yogurt, milks, eggs and cheeses.

The one thing that keeps me wondering.... they sell Hedge Apples....
I thought that you were supposed to put them in your garage to keep spiders away...
What can you actually cook with a hedge apple?Produce for miles, yo.

No seriously, I was overwhelmed with the variety and freshness at Stanley's.
You could tell from the packed parking lot (and full aisles and long check out lines) that this place is super popular and well known.

But I thought when I was walking in, "how great could it be?"
Yeah, all that and more.

Think of your local Whole Foods and multiply their produce department by 2.5.
Add in cheese, milk and meats.
And little extras like salad toppers and bottled beverages.

The lines moved quickly, too, so I didn't regret stopping in to pick up dinner fixings at 4 on a Saturday.I love Stanley's when I want to have more than enough fruit to share and my hubby and I are on a total veggie kick.
For a measly $20-$30, I will walk out of with a boatload of produce that lasts anywhere from 3 days to 1 week and keeps us in a fresh food cloud, too!
Supplemented by the slightly more pricey organic (which Stanley's also has a lot of these days) produce, if it weren't for the crowds, I could see shopping at Stanley's for produce, exclusively.Well if you want to bring down your groceries budget by 400 dollars a month this is your place.
I absolutely love it!!!! 20 apples for 2 dollars?!?
Are you kidding me?!?
Huge selection on Fruits and Vegetables for an amazing price.
You probably get that price because things are not washed or look perfect but let me tell you they taste perfect!
Also their cheese and ham section is sooo good!
Super tasty Provolone and turkey ham, for a 1/3 of the price you get at whole foods or jewel.
My only problem is not having one close, so I need to plan my trip for once a week or once every two weeks.Good prices they have mostly fresh fruits and vegetables.
Just wish they had more variety on their groceries.You get what you pay for.
Produce is within 24 hours of rotten.
You will be happy if you eat it on the way home.
Recent bad experience with gray moldy rasberries purchased yesterday.
They have good home made potato chips though.
Probanly not why you go to a fruit market..for deep fried potato chips.The possible deals found at Stanley's are mind blowing, but pay attention.
We paid about $2 for a case (12 boxes) of blueberries.
This is unbelievable.
We did take the time to look at the boxes so that we chose a good case.
We also washed them when we got home and froze the blueberries that we were not going to use quickly.
It was a great deal!

This location can get very busy, and the parking lot can become overfilled during busy times of the day.This place is amazing!!
A friend recommended it since I am starting a fruit and veggie fast tomorrow.
I believe he was the manager who took me around the store to select out all the veggies that I can eat raw.
The prices are so ridiculously low!
I bought enough food for at least 5 days of my fast (maybe more) which was at least 8 bags of groceries and it only cost $40!!Wide variety of produce.
Very good specials.
I once bought a case of strawberries for $1.
They we about to go bad soon, but they were only $1.
I gave a bunch to friends so they were eaten very fast.
They sell produce in small portions for home cooking and by the case for restaurants.
They also have a meat and deli section.I've passed by here dozens of times and always wonder how the heck their advertised prices are so low.
This time I decided to drop in and see for myself.
I still don't have the answer why... but they had a good variety of produce for a fraction of the cost of the any one of the major grocers in the city.
I assumed the quality would be noticeable inferior, but in general, that wasn't the case.
In some instances, however, I passed on their selection... like avocados for example...
I bought one small one for 50 cents I believe.
It didn't look particularly great, and well, it didn't taste too good or last long enough as is typical of other avocados I've purchased.
But for 50 cents, I am happy to have tried it for myself.
For other items - tomatoes, apples, bananas, onions, peppers - I've had no issue.
I spent $10 on what normally would have been at least $15, so I'm not complaining.

I appreciate the one-stop shop atmosphere of most grocers but in the event I'm driving by, not in a rush, and in need of my week's bundle of produce, I'll certainly pop in Stanley's.Most bang for your buck?
You'll find it at Stanley's when it comes to veggies & fruits - I even spied fresh pico de gallo that was super affordable & some good lookin' guac!
I mostly come here for the veggies & fruits because honestly the quality AND quantity you get is amazing...
It's hard to believe their prices are so low.
I also tried a sandwich at their deli today & that too, was delicious.
Even more so for just $4.99?
Don't be scared of the lines, they move quickly & cashiers are polite.
Worth the trip over!Not from Chicago just moved here and went to this store because of all the great reviews and me being vegan I decided it would be great place to get tons of cheap produce...
Ehhh it was alright but to be honest it's probably worth just paying the extra couple dollars at fresh thyme, whole foods or some other local store.
A lot of the vegetables aren't fresh, they are older and will probably go bad within a couple days which is why I didn't buy much.
Also a lot of fruit flies around certain fruits and vegetables which sort of freaks me out.
It's worth going to check out and get a few good things like I found great kale, nectarines and cherry tomatoes but some stuff definitely don't buy.
Go check it out though :)Where have all of the fruit and vegetable stands gone?

Stanley's feels like a dying breed but yet the keep expanding and getting bigger.
In the last couple of years they have added a deli counter (prices are a little high here) and a homeade potato chip machine (there is always a bowl for free samples...the chips are pretty good...if you do not trust me check out Kevin A's review...he is installing one in his bedoom!).

They have the best prices on fruits and vegetables.
I can walk out with 4 bags full and spend like 15 bucks...it would cost me 40 bucks at Jewel or Dominicks and 75 bucks at Whole Foods (if we are tallking organic).

Sometimes the Organic is even cheaper here then there regualr produce.

Please avoid this place on the weekend or after work because it is a nightmare.
I expect to see some fights but people are always very pleasent to each other...it must be all of that money they are saving.Jeesh, I was a real downer in 2014.
Bad year I guess!
But in 2016, Stanley's is definitely a five star spot!

Some things I've learned over the years about Stanley's... - Wash everythinggg.
I've seen things...like a kid grabbing random handfuls from the spinach (at least he's eating spinach?!)...
And all kinds of produce go rolling off the pile and down the aisle, then put right back.
(I do it too, guilty!
But still...
Clean yo stuff!) - If there's a Crazy good deal on something outside, like 12 containers of blueberries for $3...look at the 12 you choose closely, and use them how you want right away.
Also prepare for some inevitable mold picking. - The employees are usually very nice and knowledgable, especially the girls who work at the juice bar!
So sweet!
But if you see someone out on the floor, feel free to ask how to know if a certain item is ripe or not, ask what something is, or if they have more/better ones in the back. - With that, if the leaves pull easily from a pineapple it's ready to eat Then, stay away from papaya...it's basically dirty feet fruit (bleh) and if there's only 2 picked over containers of bluebs left, ask, they probably have more in the back that just hasn't been restocked. - Finally, get the sweet potato chips.
Just do it.
The saying I noticed on the back of the bag alone makes it worth the cost -- Chicago hipsters become Stanley's chipsters!
Ahhahaha

Keep rockin, Stanley's!
See you soon ;)It feels funny to say this but this place is as big a meat market as any River North nightclub I've been to.
I like shopping here but sometimes I'm not in the mood to be getting hit on by strangers!
I don't know if it's the Wicker Park/Lincoln Park hipster clientele or the 80s soundtrack or what but people seem to be really checking each other out.
Is it just me??
I feel like I'm usually going around the evening rush hour so maybe people have pent up sexual energy from being at work all day.
Also it feels like maybe everyone is married or partnered and can't go out to singles bars anymore so going to the grocery store is when they get the chance to strut their stuff and be flirty and sexual in public.
I have had so many girls (and guys) checking me out here that I have looked around to see if there are hidden cameras or something.
It feels like being inside an SNL skit when you're holding a squash or squeezing a cantaloupe and then you see someone across the aisle making bedroom eyes at you while "Come On Eileen" plays at club volume.
That said, this place has an amazing selection and pretty incredible prices across the board.
We are often working on TV shoots in this neighborhood and it's wonderful to be able to walk over and grab healthy snacks while everyone else is stuffing their faces with Potbelly and Chipotle catering.
They have great hummus, baba gannouj, peanuts, cheeses, pretty good bread, chips, and of course tons of amazing fresh vegetables.
The only thing that stresses me out is feeling like I have to be looking my best for the hot yoga moms and young beardy weirdos on the prowl.
Well, I guess that's why the good lord invented baseball hats and sunglasses.Great prices and selection of produce.
We come here weekly and spend $20 for fruit and vegetables for the whole week, and we eat a lot!Quality.
Check Inexpensive Prices.
Check Non-assuming, user-friendly environment.
Check Dreams of cooking things I have no idea how to make.
Check

This place is stupendous.
Come to browse, come to buy, come to explore.

My only complaint is that I wish I lived closer so I could come more often.I love this place!
There is no other place to go do fresh produce at reasonable prices.
You can literally get two weeks of produce for 30 or less.
Bring your own bags to not be bogged down with their plastic bags.
I'd also recommend getting the guacamole because it's great for the price!
Some people complain and say that the fruit goes bad quickly but you just have to be better about picking it out.
The cashiers are always friendly.
Side note: avoid going after work on Mondays or mid day on Sunday's!When I go to Stanley's in the summer, it's like I've just returned from the garden of Eden.
Everything is ripe and delicious and so cheap, it's practically free.
But any other time of year I feel foolish for passing at least six other stores to go here.
I went last week and the quality and selection was no better than my neighborhood store.

And I have experienced the occasional rotten item.Omg!
This place is amazing.
We stocked up on green beans, sprouts, bananas, apples, onions, avocados, collard greens, garlic, green peppers, kale, bananas, strawberries, blueberries and more.
Our total came out to 40!
How crazy is that?!?! 40, for a week's worth of organic produce :O I am so glad I stopped by.
I can't recommend this place enough.
I had been spending so much in produce week after week and finally I found a place that offers organic produce at an incredibly low price.
Seriously do yourself a favor and stop on in.This is my favorite place to buy fresh fruits and vegetables.
You cannot beat the quality or prices.
There is a new salad bar if you want a quick lunch.
There is also gourmet olive oil and fresh herbs and really good prices.Cheapest produce in the city.
Best selection of fruits and veggies at amazing prices.
I get everything I need with all the obstacles of people and carts in the way.
Hard to not run into customers.
The juice bar is surprisingly awesome.
Very tasty.
I had the Smooth ___ something..
I am blanking.

Cashiers are always friendly.
Prepare to wait in a line that moves rather quickly!

Nice prices, great produce!
Always happy to shop here!If I could give Stanley's 6 stars, I would.
Absolutely LOVE this place.
Phenomenal concept, very good execution, and just AMAZING prices if you know how to shop it.

My standard Stanley's run consists of a 5-10 item list, combined with 47.5 impulse buys, and yet I still leave every time spending less than $20.
It's almost as if the registers can't count higher than that.
Simply amazing.

Things I accept: - this produce will go bad...very quickly.
I'm assuming that's how they get it so cheap

Things I like: - Very good pita in the back near the deli - Deli is CHEAP and decent meats (not Boar's Head but hey, decent) - Carry organic eggs & essentials in case you don't want to do a grocery run - intelligentsia coffee! - good dried fruit selection

Things I love: - the wall of deals when you first walk in - how ridiculously cheap carrots are - love carrots. - how ridiculously cheap (almost) everything is. - Again, something about cheap-ness - Did I mention it's cheap?If you want fresh organic foods with out paying the astronomical high prices as some pay at WF, then this is the place for you to shop!
Friendly staff and owner!
Met Stanley and he was very helpful with answering all of my questions about the store and where they receive most of the organic produce...can really appreciate that in an owner!
Vegetables are at least half the price but not half the quality of any other grocer.
Deli is magnificent!
Boars Head Meats...need I say more?
Great prices for fresh sandwiches!
The store also has a fresh juice bar as well with shots of wheat grass for only 99 cents!
Must try this place!A crate of strawberries for $1.49?
Yes thanks.
That bargain was two weeks ago.
Today the price was $0.98.
Crazy.
There can be some fantastic deals found here, though the lifespan of the produce can be short, so choose wisely.
Stanley's is the best.A recent visit revealed that Stanley's has lost what used to make it special.
Gone is a good deal of the variety they once had, prices are rising on many once great deals and to top it off they have added a coffee bar that only wastes space for things you might really want to buy.
A sad demise for a once great Chicago institution.This place used to be my go-to for produce because of the awesome prices.
Unfortunately, over the last year or so, it seems like prices have gone up without the quality to match.
Other grocery stores are now equally competitive, with a better selection.I was bummed to get a few bad apples, but I'm sure Stanley's lives up to their reputation most of the time.
After all, sometimes apples are just bad.
But it's the worst when they are so I can't give them more than 3 stars for now.

Besides a vast selection, the prices are crazy cheap compared to most other places to get produce.
For that I'll definitely give them another chance, but that bad apple taste is hard to get rid of while writing this review.When it comes to fresh produce in Chicago you can't do any better than Stanley's (as far as I know!)

Private parking lot with plenty of free parking, ample carts and baskets, friendly staff, fresh produce, tons of organic options, and unbeatable prices.
I could really stop my review here because lets face it that's all you really need to know.

You wouldn't guess this place was such a serious gem from the outside as it's nothing fancy or flashy from the exterior but that all changes when you walk in the door.
No frills- just plain great produce at extraordinary prices.
An efficient layout allows maximum produce within the walls of this market.
I have yet to see aging products and everything is fresh and well maintained.

TIP: The store is SUPER CLEAN! (and AWESOME!)

Along one side you'll find exclusively organic options, there's also a great deli towards the back of the store.
A case against the back wall has generous portions of prepackaged fresh herbs for the cheapest prices you'll find anywhere, and who doesn't love cooking with FRESH HERBS?!
I believe I last paid about $1 for a giant bunch of fresh rosemary as an example.

Jump on the kale train-- they carry several varieties including organic and red (purple) kale and WAY cheaper than Whole Foods and most of the healthful food stores (about $1 a bunch)

The staff here genuinely seems like the like their jobs and have always been friendly and helpful.
Despite the sometimes longer-ish lines here because it's a poplar spot- there is never really much of a wait and this market truely runs like a well oiled machine everyday.Always stop at Stanley's when I'm in the neighborhood for the freshest fruits and veggies at great prices!I'm supposed to rate my experience here.
My experience here was a bit disappointing.

The actual layout is very cramped, so much so that it makes navigating the aisles very stressful and not actually fun.
Oh, look at all the fruits and veggies!
Look at the low prices!
How nice!
Wait, I'm boxed in by carts - excuse me, sorry, excuse me - whoops!
Sorry!
Excuse me!
Thanks!
Excuse me!

Yeah, that's what it's like.
The parking lot is AWFUL.
I went in the middle of the day on a Monday and the parking lot was full.
I kept driving a bit more to the front of the store, which is perilously close to the sidewalk, and finally found a spot.
If you go about a millimeter outside of any parking spot (which you will do before/after you park), you're right on top of always-busy Elston and its correspondingly frustrating intersection.
The parking lot is set up terribly, and I wish it were separated a bit more from the hot mess that is Elston.
I'd come back here, maybe when I am in a better mood ;), because the prices and selection are legit.
Still, the experience itself is...ehh.Below average produce.
You're better off spending a few extra dollars at Mariano's.
The Mariano's produce will stay good longer and higher quality.
I was a regular customer until they refused to return a pre-cut fruit cup that was spoiled when I brought it back a few hours later 90% uneaten.
I'll no longer be frequenting this business.The Best! - compared to Jewel, Mariano's, Whole Foods, Aldi's - Stanley's takes the cake.
This produce is by far the cheapest on the block.
There is a solid organic section as well as a deli with endless options.

My favorite days are when the deli promo guy is there giving out samples.
He cracks me up.

Note - wash your produce no matter where you buy it. :)This is definitely a 5 star place!
Produce is always fresh and prices are very low.

Everytime I go there, I spend $20-$30 and I leave the store with full cart of vegetables and fruits.
Produce there is always fresh and they always have amazing specials: $1 for case of strawberries(you have to sort thru, but what can you expect for $1?); $1 for case of sweet peppers; $2 4lbs arugula bag; $1 for a pineapple!!!

This is a 5 star place!
Definitely recommend it!
Fresh + Cheap = Success!

p.s. honestly don't get why some people complaint about this placeJust yes.
I love everything about this place!
Fresh fruit and veggies, great deli selection, and just awesome prices overall.
The store is always clean and the staff friendly, although after work this place can get hellatiously busy.

Sure the fruit/veggies tend to last for a lot less as long as getting stuff from Jewel - but I feel like that's probably because Jewel produce is sprayed with nasty chemicals and preservatives.

I can get a damn bag of spinach or arugula as big as the upper part of my whole body for 2 - 4 bucks and it lasts me all week!
Win!

All and all I'm all about supporting locally grow crops and run businesses without the middle man that makes them overcharge the heck out of us!

Some things here are a bit more pricey then if you go to Jewel but honestly i save so much in so many ways I don't mind at all.

Final Verdict:

Go here.
Today.
I wish I had started many moons ago as it would have saved me a TON of money!If you haven't been here, live in the area, and need/want fresh produce - GO HERE NOW.
I think Chicago grocery stores are pretty expensive, but not this place.
I'm not saying every item will be cheaper than another grocer down the street, but you can get amazing deals.

99 cents a pound grapes? 59 cents a pound red lady apples? 3 bags of pre-washed carrots (1lb) for a dollar?
Abso-freaking-ridiculous.

The staff is friendly as well, which makes a big difference.decided it was time to check out Stanley's after passing by here for the past year on the North Ave. bus and seeing all of their advertised deals. i was pretty impressed by their selection of fruits and vegetables, even those fruits that are not in season currently (strawberries, nectarines, blueberries...). all very reasonably priced, didn't see anything over ripe/rotten. though, my chief complaint would be that some advertised "ripe" fruits were not anywhere near being ready to eat (this is not an issue only at Stanley's, it's nationwide...farmers pick too early).

i was very pleased to see organic asparagus for $1.99/lb. at F4L or WM their regular price is about $5/lb. and very rarely goes on sale. blueberries were 99 cents as compared to $1.50-$2.50, as were Driscoll's strawberries. they also had Italian parsley which i have found hard to find in most markets, and at .69 a bundle! i paid 60% less for celery as well. ripe kiwi were 7 for $1, awesome price. the only price that i didn't see a difference in as compared to other markets was Granny Smith apples ($1.49/lb.)

i walked out of here with two bags full of fresh produce for $14.50. i tead many reviews who say that some stuff spoils after a few days, but FYI: most produce isn't meant to last for weeks on end! (unless it's a root vegetable, like an onion or potato.)

the store was clean, in fact there was an employee going through the store cleaning the aisles and two employees weeding through the produce. the cashier was very nice. yes, the aisles are narrow. but in this fast paced life: get over it. this is a great store with an awesome variety and they carry many specialty items (pasta, Amish sweet cream butter, juice, olives, olive oils, on and on..)

definitely a gem.Ask yourself: are you the type of person who is willing to pay double+ the price to have the very best quality or are you okay with spending a fraction of that price to get something good, perhaps even great?

If you are the former, stay at Whole Foods for that picture perfect produce, if you are the latter, you will find little Stanley's to be AMAZING!

The prices are outstanding, down right cheap for fresh vegetables and fruit.
Look before you purchase, because like anywhere else, quality control is ultimately in your hands.
I find some things to be consistently good: lettuce, garlic, broccoli, cherry tomatoes, basil, jalapeno peppers, parsley, mushrooms, etc.

Other things require closer inspection: onions, shallots, avocado, peppers, etc.

All in all, worth the savings even if it means you might have to stop by another store to pick up the items that didn't look so great here.

Don't skip the potato chip machine - Jiminy chips are worth the splurge!This is a hidden Gem in Chicago that this West Michigander is very happy about!!
I moved to Chicago over two years ago from Grand Rapids, MI and wince every time I had to buy produce in this city (in Michigan we always buy fruits / vegetables by the pound or in a pre-measured container (qt. of strawberries, etc)) because the prices were outrageous compared to what we would pay in Michigan.

The store is brightly lit, very clean, and has a small deli too!This place is amazing.
For $25, I can get an entire week's worth of fruit and vegetables for me and my husband.

Yes, the produce is not always the best quality so you do have to be a little careful when you are choosing what you buy, but when you're talking about four 4oz clamshells of raspberries for only a $1, it's really hard to complain.

They also have a great organic selection.
A quarter to a third of the store is organic.We went to a cooking class at Cooking Fools in Wicker Park and they recommended Stanely's for cheap vegetables and fruit in bulk!
Although the fruit might be a bit cheaper, I found the herbs to be a real steal!This place is da bomb.
Beautiful fruits and veggies at prices that may make you feel like you walked away with MORE money.
You can pretty much find any fresh ingredient here and feel confident in the quality as long as you use it up within a couple of days.
I feel healthier just walking in here!I love love love Stanley's.
Great selection of produce and amazing prices.
I just left with a cart full of fruits and veggies and spent $36!It's true what they say: An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
And those apples at Stanley's are fresh and cheap, so you should get them here.

I've never, ever seen this place not full to the brim with people, so I don't know when the best time to come actually is.
The produce selection is great and inexpensive.
Stanley's has sales all the time, so you can get all of your fresh, up-to-the-minute produce for reasonable prices.
You can even find your out-of-the-ordinary, weirdo veggies and fruits that you may need for one or two recipes and they usually have a decent, fresh stock.

The deli/bread area is a bit overpriced, so I'd stick to your local grocery store for everything else but produce.
You could do a lot of shopping at Stanley's, but all of the non-fresh items will run up your bill and it won't be worth it.
I use Stanley's as a supplement to the regular grocery shopping I do during the week at other venues.
It's worth the trip, for sure.My absolute favorite place for fruits and veggies!!!
Yes you have to check your produce before you pick it, but you can't beat the prices!I like to call Stanley's "produce heaven."
It has all of the produce you could ever imagine at great prices.
Organic too!
The only thing to watch out for is that sometimes, it goes bad fast.
But during the summer, keep an eye out for their GOOD sales.
I usually get a large box of strawberries for a dollar at least once during the summer.
Stanely's cant be beat.Fresh produce mostly organic at super affordable prices..
I highly recommendThis place is my everything!

Now...if you are the type of person that likes to buy every fruit and vegetable all year round, this is not the place for you.
Most of the items will vary based on seasonality.

BEST PLACE TO BUY ORGANIC. 90% of the time, you can buy organic kale, spinach, beets, bread, dairy, strawberries, etc here for a fraction of the cost that you are used to paying.

Yes, you will likely need to go more than once a week as some of the items will not stay "fresh" for two weeks, but so what?!?!

I usually walk out with 3-4 bags of delicious produce for $38ish dollars!This is my go-to market for fresh fruit and veggies.
The prices are low and their service is always friendly.

My only problem about Stanley's Fruit and Vegatables-- sometimes they don't have some produce in stock.
For instance, one week I was going back in for more artichokes, no artichokes.
In one occasion I was going back for more Kale, no kale..
They should try to keep their produce consistent.

I still like shopping here and will continue to do so.I drove past Stanley's Fruit & Vegetables daily for a couple of years and always chuckled at the sign with the man on the flying watermelon.
I'd heard mixed things about the Stanley's, usually that the prices were great but the produce spoils quickly.
When I began making my own juice, I took a gamble on the produce because I knew I'd use it quickly.

The mixed reviews I'd heard prior to my experience were right on.
If I did not use my produce within 24-48 hours it would start to look a bit sketchy.
Also, be sure to fully inspect things in bags like apples or cartons of strawberries to make sure things haven't already started to turn.

So why am I giving Stanley's four stars despite all of this?
Because I've had more hits than misses with their produce, and the prices can't be beat, especially for the organic goods.Amazing selection of produce priced just right!
You can also grab a shot of wheat grass or a smoothie while you shop.
Can't beat it!Why in the WORLD are you paying 4/lb for apples at whole foods, and just organic produce in general?
Is it pride?
Is it because it's nice to be seen at whole foods and because it feels nice?
If so, I get it.
But this place is so cheap and just as good quality.
They are limited in terms of they only carry produce (fruits , veggies) and cold cuts.
And they don't carry spices.

Best place ever if you're ready to lose your hot shot Lincoln park living, Audi driving ego.

Support cheap organic produce that's a million times better than Mariano's and jewel and just as good as whole foods.
I know as I shop at all of them.This place is difficult to put into words!
I mean who sells apples 5 for $1, homemade chips and guac and some of the best lunchmeat at ridiculous prices?
I still think this place is a figment of my imagination!

I have, on more than one occasion, walked a little faster to my vehicle so as not to get arrested for shoplifting.
The deals are stupid!I'm so in love with Stanley's.
I can't leave without a whole cart full of delicious fruits and veggies, my fridge is overflowing right now.
Great for people who eat a plant based diet, like to juice, or just want some high quality produce for very reasonable pricing!

Parking gets a little crazy when they're busy, but if you're patient and mindful of everyone else, it's not bad and you'll get a spot pretty quickly.

Nicest and fastest staff, really make the experience that much better!
I can't recommend Stanley's enough!Hear ye, hear ye, Haters: Stanley's produce does not last as long as other stores because 1) It is probably closer to ripe, if not on the edge, 2) It is cheap, and 3) It often comes from refused shipments from other stores who will turn away an entire flat of peaches if they see one bruise.
Get over yourself.
You cannot have produce be dirt cheap and also be the same as going to Whole Foods.
You just let your little noggen work hard enough, and you'll realize that the laws of economics do not permit this.

Also, Americans are pretty dumb when it comes to shopping.
They think that they can buy perishables once a week and nothing will go bad.
Nowhere else in the world is this an expected norm and only exists here because of produce that is unripe and needless amounts of refrigeration.
Europeans will shop upwards of everyday to find produce and cheese that is just right and eat it today and tomorrow.

Stock your pantry with dry goods and canned goods.
Keep some proteins in the freezer.
Buy your produce, meat, and fish at least twice a week and quit bitching that Stanley's isn't Whole Foods.
BTW, who are the idiots who can't navigate the parking lot?
It's full, okay.
Wait a couple minutes, listen to one of your TED talks that make you feel like you're smart, and someone will come out of the store and leave.Maybe if I wasn't busy stuffing my face with all of Stanley's yummy produce for the last few years I would've remembered that I hadn't yet written a Yelp review on them.

Here's why I love them.
On my last haul: 10 juicing oranges 5 yellow squash 5 zucchini 2 eggplants 5 organic apples 2 carrots as thick as your forearm 5 beets 1 pummelo 1 bunch of organic kale 1 lemon

Total: $19.49

Booyah!They have fresh vegetables and fruits and even coffee beans and some bins product.
It's very cheap but not like Mexican stores (I like them too but it's different like they don't have much made in China product).
I love this place.
I need to cook more than one person's meals for a week breakfast to dinner with minimum budget so I need like this place!
Cost friendly + great quality.
Thank you Stanley!I thought that Stanley's was a place to buy cheap groceries, but it really isn't.
I've compared the prices here to Mariano's and it's around the same price if not even cheaper at Mariano's for vegetables.
I will say that the fruit here are cheaper.

Things do not seem super fresh here however.
They always have some mark downs on certain items, but you need to make sure it's still edible.

The good thing about this place is that they make their own potato chips and they are super delicious.
Try a bag out, you won't be disappointed.Last minute run to Stanley's tonight and as usual they didn't disappoint.
Super awesome deals too.
Got black plums, red plums, golden apples, oranges, and kiwi all 10/$1...SCORE!!!!
Green seedless grapes-3lb container for $2.89 and apple pears 2/$1.
And I mean apple pears rock!!
Threw in a bag full of organic oranges and sweet red apples all for $12.
Couldn't beat this deal anywhere else!!!
Love, love, love this place.Vegetable and fruit heaven!
I purchased $15 worth of quality food to feed two people for a week easily!
Some fruit tended to be on the smaller side, but the pricing was adjusted accordingly.
I will be shopping at Stanley's weekly!A case of blueberries for 98 cents.
A CASE.
W...T...F????
Yes please!
Just froze all that shit and will be having blueberry pie, blueberry smoothies, blueberry pancakes, I'll be rubbing blueberries all over my body in the shower.
It's gonna be a blueberry orgy up in here.

I felt like I had to quickly buy up all the cheap fruits and vegetables before these fools realize they priced them wrong.
How do they even make money?

And the cashier was LIGHTNING FAST ringing up all our produce.
She was like some kind of produce cashier savant.

Good job Stanley's, got a good thing going here.I once bought one crown of broccoli at Whole Foods that cost me $5.
I really wanted to yell to the cashier, "This is preposterous!!"
Instead I just half smiled and paid for my ridiculously expensive vegetable, lowered my shoulders and walked out of Whole Foods in shame.

Cue Stanleys.
Ever since said WF event, I vowed never again will I pay a ridiculous amount for organic vegetables!
This past weekend I bought 4 crowns of organic broccoli for my cream of broccoli soup and guess what ladies and gentleman..it came under $5!
I walked a little taller that day and was extremely proud of my purchase.

Aside from my organic vegetable lessons learned story, I really dig Stanley's because they have a great deli, great variety of fruits and vegetables and great prices.
You do have to eat the fruit/vegetable the first couple days you bring it home but it's all pretty solid.
My only dislike is the parking.
The parking is atrociously designed.I've shopped at Stanley's off and on over the years.
I no longer live convenient to it, but since it's on a thoroughfare that I traverse frequently, occasionally I will stop in for some groceries if I am going to be cooking that night.

And that's the key to buying from Stanley's because most of the produce they sell is already ripe (and sometimes rotten) and ready to use.
It's not a place to stock up on produce for the week because it just doesn't keep.
One time I was there and I couldn't believe they were selling raspberries for $.79 a half pint; that is until I looked at them and almost all of them were half moldy.
There was a guy standing next to me restocking the shelves who saw my look of dismay and just shrugged at me as if to say "What do you expect for $.79?"

Having said that, the prices are crazy cheap, but again, it's not a bargain if you end up throwing out half of what you bought.
Plan accordingly, and you'll do fine.

I've scored great deals here: fresh herbs for $.69, limes that are 10 for a $1.00, and every once in a blue moon, they even sell tiny avocados for $.25.
Finding those are a major score because sometimes I can't use an entire regulation-size avocado and these are like "personal-sized" ones; perfect for a salad for just me.

Like I said, I only shop here sporadically as my produce allegiance lies with my neighborhood store, HarvesTime, but Stanley's works in a pinch if you time it just right.

ps - the parking lot is a complete clusterfluff, no matter when you go, so consider yourself warned.Have lived in Lincoln Park for almost a year, before discovering Stanley's.
What a fool I am for wasting my time (and money) at Treasure Island and other stores.
This is the place I've been looking for ever since I moved from the suburbs.

Fresh produce, cheap prices, great service.
They serve organic products too - and still remains cheaper than Whole Foods.
Will never go anywhere else but Stanleys!How can you go wrong with 99 cent baskets of strawberries znd $4 big bags of fresh spinach.romaine lettuce at 50 cent a bundle and apples at 10 cent each.5-6 bags of fresh veggies and fruit for under $25.unreal.The caramel apples are great!!!
Too bad they don't have them year round, they also offer caramel apples without peanuts for those with allergies.
This little fruit store is very convenient, they even have a deli section.
Very inexpensive, and great quality.Let's get this straight: Every time I go to Stanley's, I feel like I've won the lottery.
I can literally feed an army for like $10.

Orange peppers on sale for 5 cents a pound?
Apples for 39 cents a pound?
A whole pineapple for $2?
Blackberries for 79 cents?
I find myself asking at least 3-5 questions like these everytime I go.
I am amazed literally every time.
And the best part is, the produce lasts at least a week!
It's not the worst in quality for such prices.

Sometimes I feel like the cashier is going to laugh at me for buying $5 of groceries but no, this is normal to them and they're always super nice.
I walk out with my bags and bags of groceries and feel, awesome.

They also make their own awesome potato chips and have a deli counter.
I can't vouch for the deli counter prices being the cheapest but I don't think they're bad either.

I drive out of my way to go here because it's simply the best!
Now they just need to sell all my other groceries (milk, eggs, etc.) and we'd be set.the deals here are unreal. a pound of spinach is $1.50. a crate of blue berries was $1, thats right, a case! that is 8 containers for $1.

Only rule of thumb is that typically you should be eating this food within a week of purchase.
Other than that, this might be the greatest store of all time for produce.Great deals that are sometimes hit or missYes this place is cheap as heck but I always find BUGS in my veggies and that freaks me out.
Ewwww it really freaked me out to see so many bugs while trying to cook dinner.
I will never again shop hereMy spouse wanted to stop here to pick something up, and I went in too.
Nothing changed--it's still "surly and dirty".Yup, they have great prices...however most of the fruit and veggies are on their way to going bad.

You really have to be careful.
Literally some of the tomatoes were squishy and gross, the green peppers had mold on the top...yuck.
If you know good produce, you should be fine.
If not, you probably will pick stuff that is almost rotten.

Overall, decent and better than Dominicks, but my heart still belongs to Devon Market for cheap, fresh produce.
I go here because its closer to me, not because I like it better.

They have a little organic section too.

They have a free parking lot, which is nice.
Some locally made things, chips, breads, etc.

A-OKBest produce market in Chicago, hands down!

Inexpensive for extremely high quality products!!!

I really cannot say enough great things about Stanley's- convenient private parking lot, (although the place is certainly not a best kept secret so it's usually bustling) the store is clean, the produce is fresh, I've yet to find anyone to beat these prices for the incredible quality and value.

Awesome friendly (and very helpful staff) who always seem to be in a good mood and genuinely want to help.
With as busy as this place can get, it's never uncomfortable like waiting in line at most of the bigger stores surprisingly they move people through pretty quick and efficiently.

LOVE STANLEY'S!My favorite thing about Stanley's is the wide selection of organic produce at reasonable prices.
YOu just dont find this anyplace else.
And!
They have a good sized free parking lot.
Seriously!

I only wish I lived closer!I just love this place.
Nice people.
Lots of my favorite fruits & vegetables and what's important good prices.
Since I stopped by one day I am there once a week :)I love Stanley's.
Let me tell you why: Stanley's makes me eat healthier.

You're right, Stanley doesn't fly his watermelon plane over to my house and stuff kale in my face until I gag, but going to Stanley's allows me to buy the quantity and volume of produce I want to have on hand to make better food choices.
Need a quick side for dinner?
Thanks to Stanley's, I have 5 lbs. of spinach and three bulbs of garlic.
Voila!
Side dish.
Breakfast smoothies every day?
No need for $30 in kale from Whole Foods.
I got it at Stanley's for six bucks.

The only downside is that the prices are so low because the produce is already ripe.
You have a couple of days, a week max to finish off most of your goods before they spoil.
Oftentimes, I fail at this and have to throw some out.
But honestly, what's the big deal with throwing out 70 cents of old raspberries?
At least I had them to snack on for a couple days.Love this place!
Interior May be a little run down but the selection of fruit and vegetables is great.
The prices are ridiculously good as well, can usually get two full bags for around $10!

Wait scrap this review, this place is awful, don't come here.....
I don't want it to get even busier and run out of great cheap produce before I get there!I live like a king here.
I buy everything I think looks good, in quantities greater than I will ever consume, and my bill never ends up being more than 35 dollars.

I'm all about efficiency, and the notion of shopping at a place like Stanley's, which requires at least one more stop to complete your grocery shopping, would seem unthinkable.
However, the prices at Stanley's are so low and their selection is so much better than my local grocery store, I have adopted the opinion that stopping at Stanley's first and getting as many items off your list as possible is the optimal route.Oh Stanley's.
If I had to boil down the reasons behind my love of this amazing fruits and vegetable store into two points, they would be:

1.
I love Stanley's in the same way that I love thrift stores: The price point is so low that I never have to say no to myself.
Whereas in my local Dominick's, I'll have to barter with myself ("If I get two tomatoes, that means I'll have to get only one cucumber"), at Stanley's I get whatever appeals to me -- hell, I usually get two of whatever appeals to me, because I can.

2.
For vegetarians, this place is a one-stop shop.
In addition to mounds of fruits and vegetables, Stanley's also has a deli, where they sell good sliced cheeses (and deli meat, if you're into that), and a variety of breads, coffees, dried fruits, teas, dips (so.much.hummus) and canned beans -- essentially all I eat -- at the same low prices.

I seriously go here every Monday to restock for the week for less than $15.
I would high-five Stanley if I ever met him in person.I go here weekly.
If you don't, I suggest you reevaluate.
Great prices and great produce.
Definitely a gem worth checking out.I have only gone once, and I feel like I love this little place!
They offer an extensive list of spices, in bigger than normal containers.
They have an abundance of fresh fruits, and vegetables.
They also have a deli.
I was amazed at the varitey of teas as well.
Did I mention cheap too?
Yes, very economic!Now a days it's hard to find a store with fresh produce and fair prices specially in the North Side of Chicago.
I have been going to Stanley's for the past year, and I must say their prices beat competitors such as Whole Foods and Mariano's.
This seasonal Farmer's Market is perfect for people who don't mind to find veggies by the season.
Their produce are fresh and they have a great selection of organic products as well.
One of the main reasons why I noticed customers go there is because of their juice bar.
I think the juice bar is a wonderful addition.
The prices are amazing!
I have been going there on a daily basis because of their juice bar and how inexpensive prices are .
From $2.99 as opposed to paying $9.99 by Wicker Park area.
I also love their wheat grass shot.
The only sad part is that not everyday they carry wheat grass shots :(.
Recently they added a new salad bar.
For now, I'll stick to the fresh juices.
I Will definitely keep going there for fresh vegetable juice and seasonal veggies.Okay well obviously Stanley's has an awesome selection of fruits and veggies for an unbelievably low price.

But did you know they have the best hummus ever?
Low cal, high flavor - get the spinach kind.

They have great salad dressings/marinades.

Try the different mustards by the deli counter (the champagne dill is my favorite) and their in house made chips are delicious!

Their breads are pretty phenomenal as well.

SOMETIMES it is actually cheaper to buy things at Jewel, just make sure you pay attention to the prices (by pound, per item, etc...)

Don't go on the weekends.
It's a mad house.I love this place so much.
For its prices, the quality and selection is phenomenal.
Now, in comparison to more normal grocery store or even Whole Foods quality, the veggies and fruits here do not compare.

Things that are consistently great at Stanley's: Granny Smith Apples (have always been phenomenal tasting), avocados, beets, packaged spinach, packaged mushrooms, almost everything at the organic section, herbs

Things that are fine but should probably buy at other places: Oranges, sweet potatoes (mainly because at Stanley's they are HUGE and no one really eats a sweet potato that huge!)

Things you should buy elsewhere if you are picky: Celery, Broccoli, Zucchini, etc.
Usually these veggies have nicks in them that don't always look so great but because I'm not picky, I eat them anyway :)

If you are a good judge of quality, you will do well here.
If you aren't, you will quickly become a better judge.
Be flexible, and you will see your grocery bill shrink tremendously!When I used to make juices everyday, I lived at Stanley's.
Where else can you get a cart full of fruits and vegetables for $20.
Yes, their food goes bad a lot faster than some places but when I was consuming it at such a fast pace, it didn't really matter.
Once I came here and they had cartons of strawberries for $0.44!
Granted, they must have gotten a huge shipment because A. they were outside and B. many were moldy.
But, if you picked around you could find some good ones.
You just never know what you are going to find here for an awesome price!Great produce selection-- deli meat and cheese case is also fantastic.
No frills, but great selections overall.
We go there weekly and enjoy it each time.I've loved this place long time but if not for the current 6am opening time I sadly might be writing a generous 3 star review given out of past services rendered rather than a current snapshot.

There are still great deals to be had at Stanley's but I've gotten some wilted spinach and some mealy apples lately.
I pains me to say the carrots, celery, spinach and kale I get at Cost Co all have a longer life once I get it home than what I drag home from good old fashioned Stanley's .
It's a sad day when the produce market I bragged about is out done by the local IKEA of frozen cheeseburgers and potato chips.

There are still plenty of deals for in season fruits and vegetables and those are usually pretty safe for a day or two.
The window advertized items are always such dramatic discounts my frugality often finds itself semi-erect.
They also always have beets and a nice rack of organic produce.
But the difficult intersection just north and the increasing prevalence of good cheap produce elsewhere has taken my old school, no brainer, 5 star produce market and turned it into just another place.

I do hit them early when my schedule requires it and 6am unlocked doors makes them unique.
It's likely why they stay in my produce rotationSeriously.
Two syllables: awe.
Some.
I've been coming here for years; it is the first stop when I, what I call, "serious grocery shop."
As in, I stop at four to five places, since saving money is always helpful.
That being said, I know Quality of the produce will not be compromised.
Sure, there are times that things in the isles are at their peak and need to be eaten that day, while other times they've got a week or so until they're ripe.
That goes for anywhere I buy produce.
It's not like the apples or cucumbers are in a box, and I don't know what to expect.
This is actually helpful, in some cases, since what is ripe will help determine what is made for dinner that night or brunch for the weekend!
The staff is always crazy nice, and all in all, I love this place!
Hence, why I've sorta been a recruiter for them.
Friends and family members I've brought in are always as happy as I am leaving with loads of produce they would've had to pay loads more for!
Love you Stanley, if you exist!!Free parking lot.
Cheap fruits and veggies.
Quality items also.
I expected them to be rotting or expiring soon since the prices were so low, but surprisingly everything seems pretty fresh.
They also have an organic section.Stanley's is the best place I've found for cheap produce in Chicago (so far).

Just be careful--- a lot of their produce is on the verge of expiring.
There have been a few occasions where I buy a bunch of stuff and by the next morning it is all starting to brown and mold.
Not everything is high quality either.
But, with the prices being so low you have some room to take a gamble.

They have a lot of great stuff for juicing.
They also have a decent organic selection which I appreciate!Juice cleanse?
Say no more.

This is a gem for chefs, cooks, college kids, and everyone in between.
Amazing selection of produce; really any fruit and veggie you could want.
The prices are literally unbeatable/unbelievable.
If you want Whole Foods quality at Aldo prices, this is where you come.

Their deli selection is also not to be missed.
Stock up on lunchmeats and cheeses for the week and grab a crusty, fresh baguette while you're at it.

I scooped up some of their homemade guacamole today as well (giant tub - $2.50) and found it to be delicious -- no surprise!In terms of produce stores, it is one of the best that I have been in Chicago.
The prices are 'olive this world'.
Bad jokes aside, the prices are amazing - a HUGE three pound bag of spinach for 5$.
We left with a whole cart full of fresh food for 35$.
The cheap prices, unlike most discount produce stores, doesn't mean that the food is crappy quality.
All the produce is great and keeps for a while.
The mango I just ate was delicious!

All in all, this is my new go to spot for produce!Great variety of fruits and vegetables.
If you like eating fresh and your on a budget I suggest you stop in!
I usually spend $20 on 3 bags of fresh goodies a week!
The staff is helpful and the store is usually pretty clean.Not sure why I have waited so long to write this.
What everyone has said is true and right on, this place is cheap!
I have saved literally $100's of dollars since discovering this gem in Chicago.
As a health coach, it does wonders for people who believe that eating healthy is expensive.
THAT is a miracle.

They have amazing specials, usually as the item is about to spoil.
When it's fruit I buy a ton and freeze it for smoothies, same with some veggies too.
Cheap frozen veggies - LOVE!
Can't say enough about this place.
The parking can be painful sometimes and I don't suggest going on a weekend during the day, just saying.Great produce (if eaten within three days of purchase), incredible prices.
If you want organic, there isn't much in the way of choices.
Sad our food system has become so dirty that you can't even trust fresh produce anymore.
I have been coming here since 2002 before the building was remodeled to what it looks like today.
Be prepared to wait in line but the cashiers are fast and efficient.Produce is ridiculously cheap here, which means shorter shelf life.
Parking lot is terribly designed.
But the prices continue to draw me in.Love this place.
They have a great selection of fresh fruit and veggies.
There is a nice selection of organic produce as well.
Every time I have been in there, people are restocking and checking to make sure nothing has gone bad.
The sales and produce options change seasonally.
Sometimes I look at my receipt and laugh at how much I payed for something here vs. what I payed at Jewel.
You can not beat the prices and selection.
They also have a decent dairy section and meat counter.

A warning to people who don't enjoy crowds...it gets super jammed on Sundays and certain times during the week.The parking lot can also be kind of crazy.
Don't even attempt a cart unless you have a specific plan of action.
It's worth it though, so get your list together and put your game face on.
Fifteen dollars and ten minutes later you will have a huge pile of fruit and veggies for the week!The prices and selection are great, but I'm not sure about the quality.
If you're getting produce to use within a day or two, it's fine.
Otherwise, you need to be careful or you may just wind up throwing money away.

Organic chard went pathetically limp within only a couple of days.
Green onions that looked great in the store did the same thing.
Apricots were over-ripe in a day.
I've never seen these kinds of items do that so quickly.
And while I don't know if it's the norm, the day I went most of the delicate leafy vegetables piled high were already just as limp and sad looking as the chard became.
You might be able to crisp them up, but that's extra effort (with no guarantee it'll work) that I'm not sure you should have to do.I can't tell you how much I love this place.

I always grocery shop with headphones on, I don't do that at Stanley's.
I'm not sure what that means but it means something.

So this place is no frills, they hand write their signs and prices.
When I was there yesterday, I couldn't tell what the sign said, it looked like is said "Mann Avocados" [just googled that so I didn't sound like an idiot, yep, Mann Avocados aren't a thing] but I didn't mind.
I still grabbed one and kept shopping.

Pour your own olive oil?
GET OUT!!

This place is awesome, everything is so fresh.
Best part is just that it's no BS.
Mama like.

EDIT: The fruits and veggies don't have a great shelf life, but I don't buy food to eat several days later.
Just saying.Great deals need I say more.
This way I dont feel bad if somehting goes bad becuase I didnt pay much for it.
God bless Stanley's...
Be honest some times you just cant get to everything you buy...What can I say this place was great, clean and reasonable I will be back!!!
One more thing all the fruit and veggies I got has been very fresh!As the other posters note, it's a great place for cheap produce.
Amazing bargains!
I always end up buying WAY more than I planned.
Despite all I've bought, I don't thing I've cracked the $20.00 limit during any shopping trip.
I wish I still canned, as you can get CASES of stuff for dirt - cheap: tomatoes @ $1.49, cherries, asparagus, and on and on and ON...!!!I had driven and biked for more than 2 years without thinking anything of it before stopping in at the recommendation of a friend of a friend.
I'm so glad I did.
The produce is fantastic and cheap!
It's cheaper than Mariano's, and fresher in my opinion.
I had a Cajun cookout a few weeks ago and purchased vegetables to feed 40 people for only $30.
That was like 4 pounds of potatoes, bunches of onions, okra, cellary, peppers, and more for next to nothing.

My one complaint is it is not a 1 stop shop.
But who cares?
Stop there on your way home and get your veggies for the week or two.
Then later to to Mariano's for meats and whatnot.
You won't regret itI'm sorry Stanley's your bruised fruits and nicked up vegetables have really gotten to me.
Come now!

Why can't you bring in quality, LONG LASTING produce that doesn't go bad on us in a day?

Folks really....
There are far better places to get your produce....
Seriously....
Shop around... this place may have a great visual location on the corner.... convenient but if you do not plan to use your Stanley's produce in a day.... expect to throw much of it out in the trash....Stanley's buys over ripe produce, sells it to you at top prices.... you have been taken....What did you save if it goes bad before you use it?
Nothing!

Shop around!Stanley's is perfect to stock up on fruits and vegetables.
Their prices are cheap, their produce is fresh, and they have a wide selection of fruits, vegetables, and herbs.
While most of their produce is conventuals grown, they do have some limited organic options.
They have limited selections of other items such as dairy, breads, and canned beans.
Theoretically, you could do all your grocery shopping here if you were a great cook, but I usually have to supplement the Stanley's fruits and vegetables with a trip to another grocery store for other staples and dry goods.One of the best places I've found for produce in Chicago.
Way cheaper than jewel, trader joes, whole foods, even Aldi.
And a much better selection.
Place can get pretty busy during peak hours so I suggest you go at an "off" time.I am so stoked to have found this place.
I feel like my eating habits and my health are going to improve dramatically now that we can get fresh produce at such amazing prices.
I felt like a kid in the candy store picking up fruits and veggies that are normally so much more pricey.
Of course I needed to stop by another store on the way home to get almond milk and cereal for breakfast, but they actually had a nicer selection of non produce items than I expected (though the prices on non produce were not amazing).
We got an amazing loaf of french bread that we made sandwiches on that was really crusty and soft.

It is true that I had to go through the fruit and through out some bad blueberries, blackberries, and raspberries, but at these prices I don't mind.I'm not really sure what the hype is about this place.
I typically drive to Petes fresh market for produce.
But, after a coworker raved about this place so much, I decided to venture out and check it out.
The produce is mediocre at best.
Prices are decent.
But the quality is just not there.
I give 2 stars due to the wide variety to choose from.
However, lots of the produce here looked like it was at its last limb.I love this place!

It's ginormous, and it's always super cheap.
I go in there about once a week, and I'm always impressed.
As a vegetarian, it's easy for my produce bill to be insanely high, but it's usually under $30 at Stanley's.

If you're going on the weekend, try to get there as early as possible.
It tends to get super crowded, and the parking lot is on the smaller side.
My favorite time to go is weekday mornings- it's not nearly as busy, which means I'm able to get in and out quickly.

One warning, though- don't go there expecting to find some type of rare fruit or vegetable.
Or even a more common one that's fresh.
I find it's better to go in with an open mind, that way I'm able to buy the cheapest, freshest fruits and veggies.
Sometimes you can get a carton of strawberries for under a dollar.
Other times, it'll run you $4.
You never know, so be aware of that.

Bottom line, though: Stanley's is the best, and it's saved me some serious money in the past couple years.
Stop by sometime- you'll see what I mean.Such a great produce market.
Their prices are phenomenal and they have all kinds of little add ins that make them so special - like their homemade potato chips and the huge vats of olive oil.Great quality fresh produce, and a lot of organic produce, for the same price or less than what you find at jewel.Sometimes when I apply to jobs out of state I get worried I won't be able to find another place like this.
It is nothing short of amazing.

I buy 5 grapefruits (breakfast) then romaine lettuce, cauliflower, carrots, assorted peppers (lunch) for the week, and some other random stuff that's on sale for $10-$12 bucks.

They had pineapple on sale the other day for $0.98! - not sure if any place in the city will every have them that cheap.Some organic options, but mostly non-organic.
The products aren't at the highest level of quality, however the prices are unbeatable.
They don't usually carry seasonal specific products, which makes sense.

I go here to buy the basics, mirepoix and sometimes herbs, fruits, and other seasonal products.
I cook a lot of big dinners for friends and others so this helps keep the price affordable, for the specialty items or if I really need an item to shine, I'll walk down the street to Whole Foods.
Really convenient for me.Love that store.
I am going there mostly for the organic section.
It keeps getting bigger and bigger and is affordable .
Thank you for that.327 reviews for Stanley's, chances are good mine will not be groundbreaking.

Short and sweet....nice selection, low prices, packed on weekends, they now have a deli.

I love Stanley's and try to include the produce place in my grocery shopping (sometimes I just don't have the time).Seriously.

This place is amazing.
Yes, it's cheap if that's what ya want to hear then there it is.
But honestly I love that there's a variety of produce and that you can buy what you NEED.
My friend and I needed a box of peppers but a handful of spinach.
WIN.

Shop here.
It'll be worth it.Best place to buy veggies in the city, other than farmers markets.
Great value, large selection, and organic selection has increased but still needs improvements.
Parking lot can be chaotic on Sundays.THE BEST!!!

I have been coming here for years and I make a specials stop each week to get all my produce!!!
You CANNOT beat the prices.
Sometimes it seems like they are giving things away.
Their selections change daily so you never know what they will have and what the price point will be, but it is always a deal!!
Last week I got 4 one pound packs of strawberries for 50 cents each!!
The same Driscolli ones were at Whole Foods for $3 each!!
That's just an example.
Everything is excellent and the people are friendly!!
Check it out!!!This place is the best!
I'm genuinely happy shopping there.
Like it cheers me up.
The prices are crazy low on everything.
The place is well-staffed and clean and laid out in an obvious way.
It's just perfect.
I have a jewel across the street, but I paid 4 bucks for a little tiny jar of Mccormick spices. 4 dollars for spices at stanley's is like a half pound.
Not a joke. 1 dollar for a thing strawberries.This place is ludicrously *cheap*- I've bought a flat (8 containers) of strawberries for $3.49.
That's the price of one container at the grocery store.
Prices are inconsistent though, so don't expect a good deal on something that you saw priced low before.

The produce is generally good quality.
But I have noticed that things don't last more than a couple days - so eat them quick.

The hummus they have is spectacular.Best fruit market in town.
I regularly drive 20 mins out of the way even passing other markets to shop here.
Great prices, awesome pepper jack cheese and yum all around.
I just wish they had a larger organic section.How have I lived my life without knowing about this place before???
The fruit here is super cheap and tastes AMAZING.
I got strawberries, raspberries, and cherries (for half the price at Jewel) and pretty much devoured them immediately.
There's a huge fruit and vegetable selection, and even deli meats.
I'm definitely coming back here!I go to Stanley's when I'm too far from Cermak Produce and too impatient to deal with the Death Star Whole Foods experience.
It's OK.... but not great in both price and quality.

Stanley's is OK if you want decent staple fruits and veggies.
The prices on most things are reasonable, but I don't see a big difference in price between the organic stuff and what's at Whole Foods.
Stanleys is also good if you're going to eat the produce pretty quickly, as it seems to go bad faster than expected.
They do have crazy sales on some stuff that happens to be in season, which is nice.
Then you can spend the next few days going buck wild making everything you possibly can with whatever you buy a ton of.

Cilantro, lemons and limes are usually a complete ripoff.
Best things to get at Stanley's - fresh spinach, juicing carrots (organic), apples/oranges, cabbage, peppers, and anything from the fresh herbs section.Amazing, cheap good food and a really friendly atmosphere.
My first but certainly not my last trip!Stanley's is my go to place for fruits and vegetables.
I go out of my way every week to stop by Stanley's because their produce is fresh and amazingly priced.
If I buy the same produce at Jewel, for example, it would be at least 1.5x moe expensive.
They don't always have the exact assortment (eg mangos this week) that you need, but they have the basics at an amazing price and quality.Make this a weekly stop for produce!

Easily accessible.
Parking lot.
Can get VERY crowded.
Consider coming at off times.
Usually I try to go during the week in the morning/ early afternoon.

Huge selection of produce, both organic and not.
Small selection of spices, pastas, breads.
New deli area.

Be careful about the freshness of some items.
Overall, very good though.

You really can't go wrong with a full basket of produce for less than $20!I moved to LA four months ago.
The only two things I miss are Stanley's, and a selection of apples that doesn't revolve around an immutable trifecta of fuji, gala, and granny smith.
I have yet to find mcintosh apples over here.

I've come out with two week's worth of food (not exact) for about $50.
Yes, some of the produce needs to be used rather quickly, but you can usually determine how far along the produce is in it's lifespan by just looking at the thing before you throw it in a bag.
For the most part, it's not an issue.
I spent more money on things from Trader Joe's that often went bad just as fast, than I ever did here.
With the difference being that Trader Joe's employees have occasionally had the balls to tell me that their shitty packaged produce goes bad fast because it's "organic."Stanley's is AWESOME.
Yes, they do have produce on the shelf that has turned, or is about to turn, but if you use that thing called your BRAIN, and know what bad vs. good produce is, then you'll be just fine.
They have amazing, fantastic prices on seasonal produce.
Their price per pound on organic, seasonal, and non-seasonal produce beats Dominick's or Jewel any day.
Like many people have said before, if you need something specific that is not really common, you may not find it.
Other side of that coin is they will have some obscure produce that's pretty cool to pick up and experiment with.

Their "pantry" items like pasta, or anything prepackaged are not a great savings, so if you are really watching your budget, shop around for those.
They are not going to break the bank either.
I have found, like some other people, that they will sometimes(very rarely) advertise a price and not have that price at the register.
Although it's not usually too far off, and it's STILL cheaper than what I would pay elsewhere, so... it happens.
One of the things that I absolutely LOVE is their fresh herbs that typically go for about $.98 per pack which is a SCREAMIN' deal.How can you complain about a weeks worth of fresh fruits and vegetables for under $10?? my only gripe is that the produce tends to go bad faster than most other places. i've started to get into the habit of swinging by after work and buying about 2~3 days worth of groceries and it's definitely life changing as to how much healthier i cook at home using fresh vegetables. this place is sort of the opposite of whole foods in the sense that they don't care about having pristine carts and have everything all lined up in a tight row. and you can eat organic without having to forfeit a fraction of your paycheck! there's also a deli on the left side of the store to pick up some meat and cheese. love this place. :)Stanley's has a DELI Counter now!

that's it... added a Deli Counter.
I work a few doors down and with the lack of options in the neighbourhood it is nice to have this as another option for my Lunching Pleasure.I love mexican produce!

Great prices, great selection, get your greens from Stanley!If you shop here for produce, I feel honestly bad for you.
I remember going to Stanley's once like 6 years ago and thinking that the produce was in bad shape.
The other day, I didn't have time to head to Harvesttime, so I figured I'd swing in quickly and grab few things.
Worst $7 I've ever spent.

Let's start with this...they had no sweet onions.
Seriously.
None.
Could I have gotten a Spanish onion?
Sure, but I wanted a sweet onion.
The worst Jewel in Chicago has sweet onions.
Lord.

There literally isn't one piece of produce in that store that isn't damaged in some way.
It's all a little too ripe or beaten up or weirdly colored.
It's awful.

There are a number of fruit markets in this city...venture to Harvesttime or Edgewater or that one place on Kedzie or Kimball or something.
Go to a farmers market for the next few months.

It makes me happy that folks shop at a fruit market instead of just a chain grocery, but you're all picking the wrong one.this is my favorite place, I love that fresh juice bar and the juice sales you guys are amazing. great place to buy veggies and fruits. also love those cabbage vegan rolls, and the tabuleh salad pre-packed its my favorite.I love this place.
This is the cheapest produce you'll find in the area.
You have to be sure to check everything carefully because sometimes the produce is a little older, but still good.I'm a minimalist, which means I don't like to go 2 places if I can get everything at one...which means that I pay for a lot of overpriced produce at Whole Foods each week.

On the off week when we go to the Kingsbury Whole Foods, though, we try to swing by Stanley and pick up tons of fruits & veggies - roast'm, juice'm, whatever it takes to get your vitamins!

It doesn't get any better!
I'm a fan!Swoon.
No, I'm not talking about "swoon" in the sense of how women react to Jon Hamm or, um, me (cough).
I'm talking "swoon" as in what happens to the Cubs perennially almost every June.
The produce in Stanley's does the same daily.

I think it was that Carson Kressley guy from that show on Bravo years ago who said something to the effect that it's better to have a few nice, quality pieces rather than a bunch of junk.
You would be wise to heed that advice sartorially as well as when you visit Stanley's.

Yelp has 500 reviews for Stanley's, with an aggregate rating of four stars.
Well, I've now visited Stanley's, and I can say that rating Stanley's four stars in the aggregate is tantamount to rating Payless Shoe Source or Chernin's four stars.
Are you going to rate those establishments four stars?
Surely not.
Price is not everything, people.

Of course, the intriguing things about Stanley's were the prices as well as the stratospheric rating on Yelp, so I ventured up Elston to see for myself.
Well, color me unimpressed.

I'm sorry, it doesn't matter how inexpensive something is if it's not going to be quality.
Remember your Carson Kressley, people.
There's no way I'd ever buy fruit at Stanley's, as, from what I saw, the poor little buggers are already in hospice and close to the end.
Grapes?
No.
Raspberries?
Certainly not!
And I thought the raspberries at Jewel usually didn't look very good.
Wow.
Really makes me wistful for the raspberry bush outside our house, from which we could pluck perfectly fresh from the vine berries.
And then there was the baby spinach sitting unpackaged in a pile about as high as Mount Whitney that appeared to be melting into guacamole.
I believe I'll be sticking to my pre-packaged, six-dollar containers of baby spinach from Jewel, thanks.

The only things I'd go back to Stanley's to buy would be broccoli and onions.
Oh, they also stock Intelligentsia, so I'd grab a bag of that as well.
Sadly, it's not priced as cheaply as the produce, but you know it's worth it.
And that's the point of this whole review - to buy based on quality rather than price because cheap things fall apart and don't last.

It's really just not worth it.
Two stars.This is my most favorite place next to Chicago Diner since I have moved from Atlanta.
I get a great amount of fresh produce and even a kale juice for a total of $20 or less.
I can certainly understand some of the reviews regarding fruit or vegetables that are not as hard or as crisp as you may find at the larger chain grocery store, there is a difference in the products sold at Stanley's and its freshness.
If your eyes can't tell the difference your stomach and gut will certainly thank you for eating this good food as nature intended it to be.
I also prefer most of my fruits and vegetables cooked due to my diet restrictions so softer works well for me.
There is parking one thing to mention, People, there are two ways into the parking lot, but only one way out please look for the arrows, it makes things so much less difficult.
Love YA, happy shoppingImagine a whole basket full of fresh, organic produce without whole foods prices!
That's Stanley's!
This place is a neighborhood gem.
The prices are beyond fair and the selection of produces, spices, snacks, and now deli will make you stray from a grocery list even if you make one.
Considering that you can indulge all you want without ever breaking the bank, this MUST become a weekly stop on your shopping destinations especially since it is so conveniently accessible by local roads or right off of the North Ave exit on 90/94.
With all the money you'll save on produce, you can treat yourself to something else with all the fabulous shopping a mile further down North Ave!This place is awesome.
DIRT CHEAP PRODUCE.
Only flaw is that all of the stuff is pretty ripe and ready to go if you don't use it soon.Saturday afternoons are a madhouse at Stanley's!
I heard people say "I've never seen it like this before."
I got fresh strawberries for $1, asparagus at 2/$1, kale and chard, and a bunch of other stuff on my grocery list, and it WAS SO CHEAP!
The three lines were all equally long and kinda nuts, but what you gonna do?
The Stanley's Secret is out!

Headed to the regular grocery after that, and kind of smirked in the checkout line with no produce besides a ginger root.
Yay for Stanley's!The only negative thing I can say about Stanley's is that they will not let me move in.
Though actually, I've never tried.
So maybe they would.
Cause they are That.
Fucking.
Awesome.

There is no better grocery store in the city to take parents, roommates, or dates.
Everyone in Stanley's is always smiling.
I've considered getting a Stanley's tattoo.
Sometimes they sell artichokes 4/$1.
I once danced with a stranger in delight because they had golden beets, and they have consistently had golden beets ever since.

What else can I possibly say?My husband loves Stanley's but sice I'm writing this review its going to be my opinion.
Personally I am not that happy with Stanley's- I know most people love the place but I find the store very dirty and the selection is hit or miss.
Know what you are buying because some of the prices are good but some are no different than other stores.
I have also noticed some items go bad and have to be thrown away a day or two after I buy them.
The fruit at wf or jewel seems to last longer.
Not impressed.The store itself is very small.
The produce is at a very reasonable price, however, few times I ended up with produce that was not fresh.How many people have contracted swine flu, and people are USING THEIR HANDS to pick through open stacks of spinach and mixed greens?
USE TONGS PEOPLE!
EWW.
What are we supposed to do--Purell every tiny leaf to the point of bacterial elimination once we get home?

This place is filthy.
No, I really mean it.
Messy floors, no sneeze guard over the olives, mushy overripe tomatoes and molding strawberries left outdoors that look 1-2 days past due.

Granted, a lot of what I wanted isn't in season yet, and I shopped late Saturday afternoon.
Still, there's no reason for this store to look the way it did.
There's no flow to the way things are laid out except for the way they put their organic veggies in one area.
And what's with the signage being so difficult to read and understand in some areas?
One stack of navel oranges read 49 cents/pd.
Another read 69 cents/pd.
The organic navels were 29 cents/pd.
Huh?

They had a lot of produce...but why did most of the fruit look smaller and of lesser quality than the selection in full-service grocery stores?
Sure, they had a stack of Asian pears, but they were horrid looking--the skins were pot-marked and had little cuts; usually, these are the most beautiful pears in grocery stores.
There was a sign that said they *should* have blood oranges; nope.
Iceberg lettuce?
Well, the heads of lettuce they had were sealed in plastic containers for $2.97/head.
Ouch.
Even worse were most of the dry goods--that seems to be where they make their most profit.
A small container of pistachios was $7!
At Jewell, that same bag would have been $4.
A loaf of whole-grain bread here was $4.50; at Whole Foods it would've been $3.75.

It's not worth me taking a train and two buses to get here, then walk a block along a less than pleasant stretch of North Avenue (Note to Alderman: FIX THE BROKEN SIDEWALKS.
Not everyone drives an SUV to get to retail stores around this area).
Everything taken into consideration, I'll stick with my Lakeview Treasure Island for great produce.
For you Lincoln Park/North/Clybourn shoppers with SUVs: this is your store.I love Stanleys and their ogranic selection!
Even though things are typically a little on the ripe side, since its so close to my house, I don't mind to make multiple trips for fresh and cheap organic produce.

Try their olive oil and don't forget to grab fresh herbs!Stanleys is wonderful!!
Not only is everything Fresh and in the years since it`s been open my wife and i have NEVER had anything rotten or out of date, GREAT STUFF.
ONLY fresh fruit.
PLUS........
Their are also a couple Nuns there that sell these incredible "Little fruit pies for one" How can you go wrong with a Pie made with all kinds of Delicious Fruit from a NUN????
C`Mon now!

I would giive the place more stars if i could.
OH sorry.
It`s extremey cheap as well which i know is important.Environmental causes are one of my passions, so I salute them for carrying so many organic items, but the quality is not what it should be.
Things go bad really fast-- yes, I realize without chemicals things go bad more quickly, but I bought raspberries on Sunday and they were bad by Monday.
Many times I have shopped here things have gone bad faster than they should.
Good place to get items if you are gonna use them the same day, but otherwise, I prefer to go to other places for my local and/or organic produce.10 tangerines- $1

10 limes- $1

1 lb. gala apples- $.78/lb.

Huge package of fresh herbs- $.98

Monster-sized Halloween carving pumpkins- about $2.75.

Total= $5.51.
Had I gone to Jewel?
Oh probably $25 or so.

Now those are math equations I can get on board with!
It's true, Stanley's has the very best deals on fruit and produce in Chicago, bar none.
They may not always have all the staples I'm looking for, but rest assured I can always find a nice substitute.
And their organic section is amazeballs huge!
I can't say I'm an organic fanatic like some, but I'll mosey on over there if I can't find what I need in the peasant fruits and veggies section.
The organic prices are half of a grocery chain's prices.

Stanley's has also afforded me the ability to try new produce I'd otherwise shy away from.
Full pomegranates for $1?
Sure I'll try to whip up a dessert with those seeds..... okay that was disgusting.... and inedible.
Oh well!
It was only a dollar!
Yay for Stanley's being kind to cheapskates like me!

And let's not forget the Hottie McHot men of the Chicago Fire Dept. that are always shopping here in the mornings.
Always.
And I mean hot.My landlady swears by this place.
The produce is always so good and so cheap.
The berries are a good deal, too.
Sometimes I can get Driscoll Strawberries for $1 a box and raspberries for $0.33 a box.
Insane.Grocery store-sized fruit market with an abundance of produce, ranging from eccentric fruits and veggies to a large organic section.
They also sell fresh herbs, and have a sizable deli counter.
Their prices on all produce is very fair, and almost everything you can buy there is super fresh.

I will say that you should plan on using whatever you buy there within a few days, as the shelf life of their produce seems to be shorter rather than longer.
Nonetheless, I always leave with more than I planned on buying.

A must see if you like farmers markets or stores with diverse produce sections.I LOVE this place.
I try to buy organic if possible and Stanley's makes that more than possible!
Organic stuff is usually expensive BUT NOT HERE!!
Sometimes it's on sale and it's even cheaper than the regular stuff.

All their stuff is so fresh too!
I love having a HUGE selection to choose from.

And have you tried the chips they make there?
TO DIE FOR!Big fan of Stanley's!
This is a bargain shopper's dream place (for produce).

I understand the complaints regarding some of the items to be the major rejects, however the trick is to stick to what is in season.
Everything that is in season tends to be good (though you win some and you lose some).

You can't go there with a specific fruit or vegetable in mind that you absolutely want because you could then be disappointed that it either not there or that the selection is pathetic at best (I had this experience with red onions before).

You can guarantee though to find amazing deals and leave with bags of produce under $20.
Just the other day I left with 2 full bags of a large variety (pomegranate, onions, peppers, avocado, acorn squash, butternut squash, carrots, apples...etc) all for a whopping $8.07!
I couldn't believe it!

I did find that the apples I bought weren't very good.
But like I said, you win some and you lose some.

I love Stanley's!Fresh fresh fresh produce!
Great prices!
My family has been coming here for ages.
They never fail!This is the only produce shop who can compete with the prices and quality offered in the suburbs.
This place has to be a part time front for something fishy because the prices are sooo dirt cheap.
Here are some of the highlights from purchases made in the past few months.

-5lbs of bananas for $2...
Everyone knows the going rate on that grade A guatemalan stuff is $.79 an lb -California pomegranates 3 for $1 -Avocadoes for less than $.50 -10 green bell peppers for $1 -1lb of strawberries for $1

I like to think that T-Bell makes being homeless possible, but Stanleys makes filling a large refrigerator possible on an unemployment budget.

Stay classy StanleysThis place is AMAZING!
I can walk in here, buy full two bags worth of fruits and veggies, and pay ten bucks.
TEN DOLLARS!
Yeah, the stuff goes bad pretty quick, but do you really care if you are only paying fifty cents or less for each item?

And the trick with that is to get the veggie bags/containers that absorb the gas emitted from the veggies.
Yes, they really work and yes, they do make the veggies last almost two weeks or longer in some cases.
(And, air purifiers for your refrigerator also have been known to extend it past that.)OMGosh yes OMGosh.
OMGosh yes OMGosh. wow, did I really just throw in a old tribe called quest line, yes I did.
More to the point, Stanley's kicks major ass.
This place is a cornucopia of vegetables (and now I'm happy that I just worked cornucopia into my review).
Seriously, it's like a vegan's dream.
Granted, I'm far from vegan and I was still kinda going bonkers.
So, why the 4* instead of 5*?
I'll get to that at the end.

The prices here are absurd.
When I say absurd, I mean on the low end.
I loaded up on all sorts of produce and it only cost me like $35.
That was after me adding a medium size of their own olive oil which took care of about $14 worth on the bill.
Yea, pretty sweet.

The quality of the veggies was pretty good on the whole.
You can get a ton of different things from here in various sizes.
You can get all of the peppers and onions that you can imagine along with a whole ton of garlic too.

Now, to answer why it's 4 instead of 5*.
Everything didn't last as long as I was expecting.
By the 5th day, most of the peppers were turning and I had yet to fully get into the bag of tomatoes that I bought.
I had to dump them all as I just didn't want to try to salvage what little fruit and veggies that were still good.
A bit sad, but considering how affordable it all was, I'll deal with it and just buy enough for immediate use next time.I go to Stanley's every week.
The produce can't be beat; especially for the price.
A few tips: - Be flexible on your grocery list; availability varies quiet a bit.
Plus, the specials are great and should be taken advantage of. - If the parking lot is crazy, drive south a little on Elston; there is always parking - If you get something for a crazy low price (a pallet of strawberries for $1 or tomatoes for .20 a pound), be sure to process/use them immediately.
I buy the strawberries and freeze them, puree, and make jam. - Definitely check out the fresh herbs and sun dried tomatoes in the back by the milk; great value!

Hope you enjoy Stanley's as much as I do!The best fresh fruit and veg store in Chicago.
They carry the same products as whole foods and have an extensive organic section too.
I saw the same punnet of blueberries for 99c at Stanley's whilst Marianos was 3.99.
I just don't get is sometime but give Stanley's one chance and i guarantee you won't go anywhere else.I really love this place.
Yes parking lot is weird and can be a hassle to go in/out being so close to Elston.
Yes, maybe you can't do ALL your shopping here and may need to hit another store, but otherwise it is perfect!
This place is a godsend if you are a bit short on cash some weeks.
I very rarely pick anything from there that isn't organic so my options can be limited.
But thanks to this place on my limited income I can stay organic!
The organics are found towards the back of the store to your left, before the deli.
The options they do have are amazing.
It's my own little treasure hunt.
Just a few weeks ago the guy was putting out gorgeous, ORGANIC grapes at .69/lb!
I grabbed two bags and by the time my friend went the next day they were gone.
They don't seem to post their deals anywhere online so some days it's blah and other times you walk out with a huge grin at the awesome specials you got.
For me and my toddler who have been in a 'grape desert' since we won't eat non-organic ones and have to depend on seasonality this day was one of the GRIN days!
I can often find organic bananas and potatoes here too.
Their greens selection is awesome, they always have beautiful kale, swiss chard and spinach.
Also big carrots for juicing.
They have a wonderful organic dairy section and some prepared stuff too.
Their deli is great too, a bit pricier than at my usual grocers but in a pinch to save me a trip I've bought stuff.
I love their local bread selections too.
They even have organic whole wheat for $2.99!
A whole shelf of fresh herbs and 'fill up your own olive oil' station is nice too.
They also have Fair trade coffee and sometimes they have ridiculous doorbuster deals.
Just a few months back they were selling CASES of strawberries for 50 cents each..like 10 pints in one case!
They weren't organic though or else I would've grabbed one and made preserves for everyone I know! :) I don't know what people are saying about the produce not lasting.
I think it's a good thing if my produce isn't bionic and stays fresh in my fridge for weeks..it's supposed to spoil, no?
I do often have to hit another store to complete my shopping as I can't always find all my produce needs there but that is only because I'm organic.
Depending on the season I can get all I need.
Between this and Costco my produce needs are usually met just fine.
I have zero need for Whole foods or even Trader Joes much anymore.
It is an amazing gem for us Chicagoans.
I agree with other posters...maybe we should stop bragging about the joint before it's overrun by everyone!! they do accept credit cards and SNAP as well.

PS: They also sell frozen lou malnatti pizzas for about $12 each.
One feeds the three of us comfortably so it's nice to keep one in the freezer for lazy days!
Cheaper than ordering in!I've seen a noticeable decline in the quality of the produce in the last 6 months.
This is still the go to place for veggies but now you have to be super picky and eat it all within 3 days or so.Stanley's is great.
Everything there is relatively inexpensive compared to a lot off other places.
Unfortunately, the food has a shelf life of 2 days.
If you don't eat it within 48 hours it goes bad.
I wonder if their items are cheaper because they are the last ones to get everything, so nothing lasts long then.
Just a thought.This place is a complete steal for veggies.
I've gotten carts of groceries for super cheap, which is great considering I'm a poor college student.
They have an organic section for those who shop organic.
But I've been raised on good old fashion veg selections, none of this frou frou.
But hey, more power to you.
They would be complete if they expanded and added meats.
I would've given them 5 stars if they were easier to access from my place but going there is sort of a hike.I came to Stanley's with an open mind.
After reading about the condition of the produce that many Yelpers encountered, I figured it was still worth a shot.
And I wasn't disappointed at all!
In the future, I'll just keep in mind that I absolutely HAVE to cook my veggies in time before they spoil (many wasted pricier veggies have sat around in my fridge waiting for me to cook them).

I was also delighted to see that there were a lot of other non-produce offerings for a great price.

Here is what I picked up:

-baby spinach -cherries -string beans -zucchini -8 oz fresh mozzarella -a bar of lavender olive oil soap -cherry tomatoes -one lemon -crimini mushrooms -asparagus

and altogether $16, which I believe is a bargainStanley's is one store that overshadows others in its selection of fruits and vegetables, with, in several cases, exceptionally low prices.
Quality is roughly comparable with fruit and produce in most good grocery stores.
As with any such store, the shopper himself must evaluate any fruit or vegetable with regard to its freshness, ripeness, and so on.
However, Stanley's might turn over its inventory more often than the average grocery store, which would be good for the shopper.

Stanley's has a full deli.
It sells some canned goods and some specialty items, for example, bulk olive oil (fill your own bottle).
Since I don't shop at Stanley's for anything except fruit and produce, I can't comment on the rest of the store's offerings.This place is the best.
Tons of fresh produce at unbeatable prices.
The only reason I am not giving Stanley's 5 stars is because some of the fruit I have gotten from there has spoiled quickly.
A word of advice, avoid the fruit that they display outside or right when you walk in.
Otherwise, everything I get from this place is yummy.
Even their olive oil and deli are better than most!Clean with lots of parking, at least when I was here.
The selection is fantastic and the prices are great.
Bought more than enough produce for a veggie tray appetizer, a hot green bean dish, my version of Portillos chopped salad and fruit for dessert for 40 people for under $20.00.
Try doing that at Jewel.So fresh.
Never going anywhere else for produce.
Prices are great.
Too bad they don't have everything to make it a one stop shop.
It is worth making another trip for just produce though because it is that great!Great selection.
Super cheap.
Worth the treck (unless you live close- and in that case, you're just spoiled now aren't you?).

Stanley's has all the produce you need and a small selection of meats, cheeses, spreads, etc.
There's usually a large display of seasonal fruits and veggies,and everything is sold at really great prices.
I just got home from the Dill Pickle where I spent $20 on probably 6 items, and I left with a near empty bag.
For the same price I could've gotten a week's worth of food from Stanley's and been hauling that same bag out.

Highly recommended!Great store!
They have pretty big organic section for much less then whole foods...I usually amazed how little I spend there and how much bags I have to carry..only one minus that store it self is pretty small and sometimes don't have everything there, so you need to make another stop somewhere else to complete your list.
Otherwise love Stanley's!It's definitely a niche shopping location, for the fact that they really only carry fruit and veggies, but there are some odds and ends that I've picked up here that are really delicious.
Overall, my experience at Stanley's is very small, but I was impressed with what I picked up.
That being said, since they are very niche in what they carry, I don't forsee myself coming here, since I usually need more than just fruits and veggies when I go grocery shopping.Stanley's has the cheapest produce around.
It will make you *want* to eat veggies!

Just make sure you eat them quickly.
Produce bought here generally goes bad faster that the stuff at regular grocery stores.

Helpful hint: eating a whole bag of their delicious homemade potato chips will not make you feel very good.

The other stuff they sell (bread, deli meats, giant dill pickles, pasta, spices, muffins) is all pretty good, too!You can practically overflow a shopping cart with fruit for whatever you've got in your wallet.
Be warned that said fruit won't last too long, so don't feel bad if you go home and have to devour half of it to make room in your fridge.
Just rejoice in your gluttonous fruit binge and then go back and do it again next week.I drive 30-45 minutes (each way) twice a week to go here.
I buy the majority of my produce including basil, rosemary, olive oil, pine nuts, and my coffee here.

This place can get very busy and getting parking can sometimes be a pain.I really like Stanley's for fresh produce.
There is a fairly wide selection of common produce.
I would not go here looking for something super rare but this place has all the staples.
The prices are great compared to Dominicks, Jewel, or Whole Foods.
You should use whatever you buy relatively quickly.
I usually shop here for a meal that I am making that night or the next, with the exception of root veggies, as those will last a while.
They have good prices on herbs.
The deli meat counter is surprisingly good so if you make sandwiches, check it out.
There is an olive oil bar, but I have not used it.
They also have a decent selection of bread, packaged sausages, cheeses, milk, yogurt, hummus, and other spreads.
Check Stanley's out if you have never been, you will probably be pleasantly surprised.This place is wonderful.
I just recently moved to the area and saw it in passing.
I couldn't ignore the advertised prices posted in their windows.
At the time I saw .89 cents for whole pineapples.
I compared to the local Jewel only to find almost $4 for the same item.
Once I went there I found they offer affordable fresh herbs for around $1 per package which you get a nice quantity in each package.
Directly across from the herbs is a bay of spring mixed salad.
This is the first I have ever seen, you grab a bag and fill it with this pre-mixed salad per pound.
Which If I may add is fresher and half the cost of pre-bagged varieties.
Final note is their deli department is $1-$2 cheaper per pound on all their meats compared to Jewel this really helped for my lunches all week long.
While standing in line you cannot pass up the chance to sample some of their fresh made right in front of you potato chips.
They have quite the variety of chip flavors to choose from.

I have recommended this place to over 5 people in the last week and plan to continue.I eat mostly vegan now and I can do most of my shopping here.
Fresh produce and lots of it.
Plus the juice bar is wonderful!
There is always parking too.
Hours are great.
I only wish they offered and/or recommend people to bring their own bags.
So many bags are wasted, even for the produce.I walked in here after it's been recommended to me by everyone I know and their mothers (that's a lot of people).
It is totally worth all of the hype.
The prices are great and the atmosphere kind of makes you feel like you are not in the city, surrounded by many jerks and jerkettes.
Like others have said, the prices are great, but at times the selection kind of teaters the line between ripe and spoiled.
It is a great place nonetheless.
I had gone in with my mom (no laughing) after we had stopped by Olympic Meats to pick up a lamb and this place is great.
Try it out and save some cash!Awesome prices, great selection including organic, cheeses, bakery and deli.
Only complaint is that sometimes non-refrigerated products (e.g. onions) are left out too long leaving me with a less than appetizing experience.
Berries are great, but use fast b/c they tend to go bad within a few days of purchase.
Still much cheaper than grocery store prices.Don't get too excited about the Organic section, it is very disappointing lately as Stanley's started selling "organic" labeled products that are not grown according to USDA ORGANIC standards.
Pay attention to stickers on "organic" items!

... and read this as USDA announced this week that the agency has changed the process for exempting otherwise prohibited substances (such as synthetics) in food that carries the "organic or "made with organic" label.

http://fitlife.tv/why-you-can-no-longer-trust-the-usda-organic-label/Stanley's Love.

Best selection of in-season produce in the area and beyond.

Fair and clear pricing.

A little difficult to naviagte when busy (ie: the weekend) but small enough that it doesn't take forever either way.
Isn't that a testament to its glory, anyway?

I should think so.

See you at the Fan Club meeting.I came here and got a ton of produce for about $33 bucks.
We got porta-bellas (1.99 for 2 portbellas), watermelon (.49/lb), grapes (.69/lb), asparagus for $1.49/lb, a pint of blueberries was .99.
Some of the things were a great idea as the things I just mentioned, but some of the things like apples, strawberries, and peaches weren't any cheaper than what you would pay for at Aldi or another grocery store.
The sales here probably change very often though.
It's kind of a weird place to get to via cta since it's on a street with no bus.
From Lakeview it took about 30 minutes to get there via the red line and then the North bus.
I would come here again if I was closer to the area, but it's kind of a pain if you don't live close by /have a car.I gotta say I can't always trust Uncle Stanley's produce.
I know the prices are tough to beat, which is why I find myself all-of-a-sudden inside the place every 1 to 2 weeks.
However I'm not sure it's always worth it.

I thought I could go there for a couple days or even try to stretch it to a week's worth of food.
Go through it quickly so it has no time to rot.
Sometimes that works, but other times I just strike out.
I've sifted through piles and piles of red onions and avocados in hopes of the perfect pick.
But to my sadness, when I get home, I've found damaged goods on the inside.
Or sometimes, that perfectly shaped, colored and textured avocado tastes like a shoe.
The fresh herbs (parsley and cilantro mainly) always look pretty but when used to cook with taste very bitter.

I suppose it's a matter of what day and time you go there.
Also what type of produce you get.
You can usually win with peppers, broc, celery and apples.
The canned food there usually never fails either.

The deli options are awesome, although there's a grouch or two behind the counter every-so-often, but I guess that doesn't really bother me as I'm driving home with some buffalo style chicken breast and creamy havarti at my side.
The homemade potato chips are delicious.Drove past it hundreds of times.
Stopped in two or three times - never bought anything.
Could not get comfortable with the lack of hygiene and sketchy quality.
Pete's on S. Pulaski is far better.

One consolation at Stanley's was my ability to get out of the disorganized parking lot without a scratch or dent on the car.
A simple pleasure I got to enjoy by virtue of sheer luck.Stanley's is epic, simply for the reason that they sell produce SO much cheaper than you get it anywhere else.
Go from Stanley's to Whole Foods produce section and you will be like a man who was frozen during the depression and just woke up to current day prices.
It's that stark of a contrast.

When I go here, I am normally looking to stock up.
Their bread and butter is their produce, but they have a deli now, freshly made bread, milk, and other fresh products.
My mind develops grandiose dinner plans where I will sautee, peel, and core until my hands bleed while I am walking around.
These ideas always get toned down when life gets in the way, and I am usually left throwing out some produce.

That would be my one issue with Stanley's, and the only reason it does not get 5 stars.
The produce will turn.
Fast.
Oops, too late, it's already bad.
Certain things like apples and oranges will last a while, but you should plan on eating most things in the next 2-3 days, and strawberries and raspberries will go bad before that.

As little added bonuses, they normally keep everything stocked so nothing has that "picked over" look.
The workers are pretty friendly and helpful, and the store is usually clean.
Except maybe that one woman in the deli section.
She always looks like you are hassling her when she has to slice up some meat.

I come here when I can, and I recommend you do the same.
Seeing a whole basket of food add up to $25 really reminds you of what a dollar is worth.Been a long time since I came to Stanley's, actually, but that's due to location.
This is the best place to find cheap produce on the near north side.
Stanley's carries a very limited selection of other products, but you should be able to find a gallon of milk, a dozen eggs, and a loaf of bread.

Pay attention to the produce as it is more likely to be aging than at your full-service supermarket.
If you are using it right away this might not be an issue, but I have bought items here such as avocados and mushrooms that proved to be beyond their shelf life.We loved Stanley's.
We pointed and laughed at the grocery cart of HUGE Texas Grapefruit next to the already stocked shelf of HUGE Texas Grapefruit.
I almost went swimming in the bulk and cheap spinach.
The 10 plums for $1 made me turn a cartwheel.
Apples I'd never heard of for prices lower than I'd ever seen made me reach over and squeeze my boyfriend.
We started singing.

At checkout, when I saw the amount was less than $27, I told the lady checking us out that it was my first time there, and I was so happy about the prices that I was going to go home and eat it all and come back tomorrow to buy it again.
She genuinely said she appreciated the complement, then laughed with her co-worker.

Stanley's: I love you.
I really really love you.As many here, I have fallen hard for Stanley's.
There's may great reasons to shop here:

- Huge selections on a wide variety of fruits and vegetables.
I love that you can pick between two different kinds of cauliflower.
I recently picked up some apples that were the size of cantaloupes.

- Prices.
I love that you can get a cart FULL of veggies for less than $50, usually $30.

- Parking.
Okay, the lot's crazy, and you need to be very careful not to hit someone or something, but there's a spot will open up if you're aggressive enough to get it.

- Service.
The people here are soo nice.

- Random stuff.
Cheap fresh herbs.
The "fill your own olive oil" station.
The cheese/meat counter.
Jiminy Chips.
Granolas and sweets at the register.

I usually do shopping for one week at a time anyways, and none of my produce has gone bad in that amount of time.1 head endive lettuce 2 heads boston lettuce 1 bag spinach 1 bag fresh green beans 1 carton strawberries 1 bag cherries 2 plum tomatoes 3 vidalia onions 3 bundles green onions 1 bag baby bella mushrooms 2 pink lady apples 9 mini bell peppers (red,yellow, orange) 1 large organic cucumber 3 lbs baking potatoes

$19.41

wow. just wished I lived closer.Next time I will have to print some recipes calling for bulk fruits and veggies...
I can't believe the amount of produce you can get for next to nothing!

I am also a huge fan of the trail mix at Stanley's... it lasts forever and is cheap and healthy, too.We get great fruit at amazing prices!
My brother brings home their daily specials (because they have them; not many places do) & for less than a few bucks, we have organic-tasting fruit for a family of 5!
We live rather far & are surrounded by tons of fruit markets where we reside but we always wait for my brother before we get desperate & buy elsewhere near home~YES, it's THAT awesome! ; DWhy did I not know about this place sooner?
As soon as I walked into Stanley's for the first time, I was shocked.
I mean, I saw the signs on the windows and that's what drew me in, but I didn't believe a produce store could be this cheap.
Clementines for $2?
Target had them for $5 - and I thought that was cheap!
A carton of Strawberry's for $1.50? a Bag of baby carrots for $1?
These are unheard of prices in Chicago.

Some people think this place is shady, but I really can't see how.
This place has been in business since forever.
Also, the produce is flawless.
OK, so maybe I've seen some bruises here and there, but so what?
I'd rather get a bruise on a pear than pay triple the price at Jewel Osco for ultimately the same thing.
The taste is fine.
You can freeze the produce from Stanley's and use it weeks later (I've done it serveral times).

Needless to say, I don't even mess with buying produce anywhere else anymore - and I even live on the South Side (Hyde Park).
During my weekly journey's to the North Side to go to Petco or ULTA, I stop at Stanley's to stock up on my week's worth of fruit and veggies.
For $20, I can fill both drawers in my fridge and even pop a couple things in the freezer for saving.
I've never been able to afford "organic" fruit or veggies, and guess what, now I can!

My hubby and I have never had it so good.
He gets the berries he loves.
I get my Spinach, avacados, and mushrooms.
My Mother-in-law will never have to worry again about her wonderful son not getting his veggies.
At these prices, I've got her beat.
We can easily get all of our servings of veggies/fruits in one sitting thanks to Stanley's.

The Jiminy chips toward the deli counter are delicious, but dangerous.
Once I saw the words "gluten-free," I took it upon myself to scarf an entire bag of the Apple-Cinnamon chips.
Although they made a fabulous lunch, I'm sure "gluten-free" does not mean "calorie-free."
I will stay away from that chip counter for a while...

They also have Pico De Gallo in the fridge section sometimes and it is so good!
Again, something you can scarf in one sitting if not careful.
I also just bought a container of really juicy pineapple on sale for $1.98 - which is cheaper than a large can of pineapple at Dominicks.
It was good enough to eat with a fork straight of the container...

Needless to say, check out Stanley's and enjoy the savings and great produce!LOVE THIS PLACE!
I just got back from here and have to write a review.
For $27.00, I just purchased:

2 cartons of strawberries 5 kiwi 2 cartons of organic grape tomatoes 1 carton of organic blueberries a bundle of bananas a bundle of asparagus a full bag of spinach cucumber tomato "on the vine" 1 lbs. of deli meat loaf of bread (California Sour Dough, my favorite) Amazing!I forgot I reviewed Stanley's 4 years ago.
I'm upgrading to 5 stars.
This place is as good as it gets!
Cheap, fresh, ripe produce.In preparation for a small BBQ, I get the bright idea that I wanted to make jerk chicken which would include making homemade jerk seasoning.
Mind you, I've NEVER done this before but for some reason, I just HAD to do it.

After doing a little research, it seemed fairly simple to make but I needed an ingredient I had never heard of before--Scotch bonnet peppers.
WTF are those?
I figured Whole Check probably had them but since I didn't want to spend a ton of money there, I headed over to Stanley's.
Wow!
Stanley's had an incredible selection of fresh fruits and vegetables at very low prices and I was able to get almost everything I needed.
They did not, however, have the Scotch bonnet peppers, so I called a buddy who knew how to make the seasoning and he said I could use habaneros instead.

My buddy took the wind out my sails when he later told me that the whole jerk chicken-making process is a bit more complicated than what I thought, but I did take solace in the fact that I didn't spend a small fortune for the ingredients.
Yaay for Stanley's!LOVE LOVE LOVE!

Who are you Stanley?
I'd like to give you a hug.

An organic section that is VERY reasonable.
Not like at Jewel or Dominicks with the shriveled apples in that little island marked Organic.
WTF?
They don't always have what I'd like in the organic section, but I'm no snob to just fresh, conventional produce.

2 red peppers, 2 large white onions, garlic, 5 humongoid naval oranges, pineapple, 3 mangoes, 3 tomatoes, scallions, cilantro.
All for $12.

Oh by the way... each orange that I've had are simply amazing.
Delicious.
Oranges is a fruit that is tedious to get to... peeling, making sure all the rind is off, then breaking off the pieces.
It's a lot of work!
Whew!
So it better be good.
I've had some from Whole Foods, that I've peeled to find a dry sac of pulp.
Blah!
So yay Stanley!
You rock!

The hubs likes to pass by homemade potato chips and snack on them.
They're delicious and made right in the store!!!I absolutely love Stanley's, and believe me it's not just because they're conveniently located, reasonably priced, thoroughly staffed, or elegantly quaint.
It's because it has what you need and what people should be eating more of, fresh produce.
Every time I enter the store it's always busy and I don't think I've ever seen something poorly stocked in their location.
Not to mention there's pretty good site seeing throughout.

In all honesty, this has to be a place I go twice a week and I never spend more than $50 a week.
It's worth a try and believe me you'll see instantly what you're missing.Prices are great, but you have to eat stuff fast. buy for max 2 days in advance.
Otherwise, enjoy.
Also, their non-sale fruits aren't always that great.
Veggies no problems. 5 lbs of potatoes for a buck! how can you go wrong!THREE WORDS: POTATO CHIP MACHINE

If I ever hit the lottery, one of these suckers is going next to my nacho cheese fountain and my Skee Ball machine.

That is all.Being a personal chef, I'm always looking for fresh and in season produce.
In a city as large and with as much depth as Chicago, I find it almost inexcusable to purchase such wares from the Jewels and Dominicks who dominate nearly every block.
The produce is often rotting and the prices are often higher.
Simple lesson here: the price is higher due to the wares in question being shipped in from farther off locales - due to the length of the beginning origin to final destination, the wares have lost much of their luster along the way - this equals crap product at exorbitant prices a good majority of the time.

With Stanley's, you can shop knowing things are (for the most part) coming from local if not atleast Midwestern based sources as opposed to far left or right coasts.
A couple of months back during the great strawberry debacle where farmers were yielding far more than they knew what to do with, I picked up a couple of boxes of strawberries for under $10 and proceeded to make enough preserves to last until the end of time (or atleast the end of April - at present, we're down to the last jar).

Most all of my produce shopping is allocated to either here or to the branch of the Cermak chain in Humboldt park.
Why?
Fresh produce at lower prices.
Simple.
Simple.
Simple.

If you don't mind skipping out on Whole Foods (not a knock, they're great at what they do, but you oughta know that they're charging you the name 'Organic' every time you spend two bucks on a yam), this should be one of your only stops in the city.
Support Midwestern and locally grown goods (don't pay attention to the swirling marquee for the store though - a guy smoking a cigar while sitting in a watermelon?
Any chef worth his weight in cumin will tell you that's just plain unsanitary!)My experience has been that produce from Stanleys (generally) goes bad quickly, compared to same items purchased at Whole Foods.
I can only shop once a week, so throwing out 25% of what I buy makes the cheap prices not so cheap.
A guy I work with said the exact same thing.
I guess you get what you pay for.

I'm sure enthusiastic posters here will protest and say they really do love Stanley's, but I suspect what they really love are the low prices.
Really, c'mon.
If money was no object, you'd all shop at WFM and you know it.

My advice is go ahead and shop here, but only buy what you'll eat in a day or two.I just died and went to fruit and vegetable heaven, aka Stanley's.

We thankfully stumbled upon it's presence on a trip to Comcast, and I thank the fruit and veggie God that we did.

A cart full of the freshest produce for under 20 dollars?
Is this a joke?
Well, my debit card can clearly state that it can happen and only here.

This place is a steal for all the healthy products you can take home and stuff your face with.
Jewel has nothing on Stanley's.
I will never buy another tomato, another pepper, another anything produce-like at Jewel or anywhere again as long as I live in this city.

I've told my friends all about it.
I'll keep telling my friends about it.
I'll tell your friends all about it, if you'd like.

I love it. :)I wish I lived nearer to Stanley's or that Stanley's was located in my neighborhood... if that were the case, I'd be here weekly at least (especially in the winter when there aren't farmer's markets).
Instead, I come here every month or so (or whenever I know I need a lot of vegetables).

The positives: Great selection.
Seriously, they have a lot of produce that you can't otherwise find except maybe at Whole Foods.
And the prices are great, even for the organics.

On the other hand...
Quality is hit or miss - you definitely have to inspect before you buy.
It's tough to go in with a list and much better to just go in and get what looks good.

Solid place that I'll continue to patronize whenever I'm in the area.I love Stanley's.
I worked at Whole Foods...and you can get a decent amount of produce here for considerably less.
They have a decent organic selection too!
Because I worked for Whole Foods, I can assure you that the "standards" aren't upheld like they should be, so you're no worse off coming here.

The only thing is, you have to eat your fruit & veggies within a day or two.
You should be shopping for produce a few times a week regardless, but I don't feel bad when I have to throw out half a container of lettuce because I let it go bad and I only paid $.98 for it vs throwing out half a container of lettuce that I paid $5.99 for.

The other day they had HUGE artichokes for maybe $1.50....and they were in great condition!
I'm not a fan of artichokes, but I couldn't stop staring at them because they were so big and cheap!

Make sure you wash your fruits & vegetables....regardless of whether or not you're eating the rind.
Do you ever put citrus in your drink?
Yeah, think about where that lemon might have been sitting.
I'm used to washing EVERYTHING, but you should be washing your produce regardless of where you buy it.

I love Stanley's, even if parking is a pain.I keep forgetting about this place since it is not on my way to anything, however when I do remember, I am so damn happy.
Last summer, there was a special on strawberries where you could buy a full case - and I mean case - of strawberries, like 10 plastic cartons for $1 or $5 or something like that..
I sliced up those babies and placed some in the freezer (which I am still enjoying) and feasted on the rest.

The produce appears to be fresh and well attended, although I am not quite sure if it's all a bargain.
The store is usually busy with stockers available to help you or answer questions.I love Stanley's!
I used to live around the block and shop here at least once or twice a week.
The prices are great.
If you go through a lot of produce in a short amount of time this is a great find.
I will sometimes have a huge bag of groceries for under $20.
I also like the deli and they continue to grow the offering to not just produce.
I still make the drive to go here even though I live a few minutes drive away.I love their homemade guacamole, great bread selection, Lou Malnati's frozen pizza, deli, as well as great produce and check outs are fast!It's a produce firesale at Stanley's.
You have to use their food quickly, because it's typically on the edge of spoilage, especially if it's on sale.
That said, there are always excellent deals here, some of the cheapest food in the city.
For example, yesterday they had containers of raspberries and strawberries for $1.
They also had mangoes for $2.50/box.
This is a perfect place to pick up ingredients for a meal that you're cooking later in the evening for guests, or food to use in a dish-to-pass at a pot luck.Lately my food from here has been spoiling WAY TO FAST.
Prices can't be beat, but quality suffers for this bottom line.
Maybe go to Stanley's in the summer, but skip it in the winter?Stanley's is an amazing value for fresh produce in the city.
Be careful about buying overripe produce or too much ripe produce, but I guarantee that even if you throw out half of what you buy, you will still come out ahead as compared to all other options in the area.

Great checkout speed, too.
In and out in 25 minutes with a week's worth of healthy food and good deli.

Now if they would only bring back the Ranchero tortilla chips...This is a five star rating with an asterisk.
Not because of this store, but just because others who shop here expect that produce from Stanley's to last as long as it does from Jewel.
Listen, the prices are WAY cheaper.
The quality is WAY better.
Hell, I can get organic produce here for cheaper than regular produce at a chain store.
If you buy the guacamole made by Stanley's, make sure to have a safe house to hide it at....
Surely your family will be devouring it as soon as it walks through the door.
Yes, the produce does not last quite as long, but my highly unresearched and unscientific methods suggest that it may be because it's not manufactured with all the yummy additives and pesticides that the industrial food complex pumps out.I really want to love this place.
The prices are fantastic and the store reminds me of a place my father and I would frequent when I was a child.
However, there is just no denying the quality of the produce is below average.
I get so excited when I come in and leave with a ton of produce for under 10 bucks.
However, I end up throwing half of it away within days and what I do eat is never above average.

Again, I want to love this place, but at this point in my life I am willing to pay for better tasting produce.I'm a big fan of Stanley's.
They have a humongous selection of fruits, vegetables, and cheese.
Its a lot cheaper than the Jewel/Dominicks.
I wish I could come here every other day to get my produce, but thats way too many trips to do groceries.I live in the area and go to Stanley's once a week.
They have the freshest fruits and veggies at the lowest prices anywhere in town.
I'm not alone in thinking this either as the parking lot is generally completely packed and backing up traffic on Elston.
I noticed some Yelpers comment that some of the fruit/veggies aren't that fresh.
This is simply not true.
Sometimes they might have overstock of something in season and will give penny prices so that the produce goes fast.
In purchasing fruit for pennies you should understand that its not going to last more than a day or two.
Duh...

I'd recommend going really early or really late if you want to do your shopping without it being too full of other customers, but it's not a bad store for eye-candy either.

You'll find their IMPORT products like Greek candies and Greek Extra Virgin Olive Oil to be on the expensive side, but that's pretty common anywhere you go for that stuff.

I'd recommend Stanley's to anyone who wants to find a great deal.$

Check it out, and you might just become a regular.Stanley's is always my first stop on shopping night since they have such good prices!
Scallions were 4 bunches for $1 last night, raspberries 99cents and plums .79/lb - gotta love it.

The addition of the deli section stocking only Dietz & Watson products is a huge plus for me.
Keep an eye out for the angus beef, horseradish cheddar, country ham and last but, surely not least - the hand's down best Olive Loaf I have ever had!
This is not your average deli counter - always fresh, all-natural spices and seasoning and never any fillers, extenders, artificial colors or MSG!

I can't forget the wonderful (and cheap at 1.29) Lebanese pita bread!

The only hit or miss item for me is the lettuce - in Stanley's defense, I think it's because I only ever go there on Fri evening and they get their stock in on Mon.Prices are UNBEATABLE - huge selection - quality produce.
My only complaint would be the attitudes of the girls at the registers...
I'm sure they aren't ALL unfriendly ,but everyone I have experienced I've never heard so much as a "hello" and forget about a smile.You'll have a hard time spending a lot of money here.
The prices are always low, and there's always delicious in-season fruits and veggies.
I come here weekly to stock up on my health food.
The fruit especially is worth bragging about!
I also love their focaccia bread(which I'm sure to eat quickly to avoid mold).
Another tidbit is that they always have mini Lou Malnati's pizzas by the deli section.
It's definitely a place you drive by and contemplate stopping in.
Once you do you will be hooked!I live really close to Stanley's, so I go there quite often.
Sure the produce is a little old sometimes, but I live so close that I can walk over and buy it daily to consume right away.

My problem is this-

I went over the other day to buy a gallon of milk.
(DON'T BUY THE MILK!)
I came home, opened it, tasted it...it was rancid.
I looked at the expiration date and it was supposed to be sold by the 22nd of December.
The date was the 19th of January.
Ick.
A whole month!

I brought it back and was treated very poorly by the manager on duty.
He basically accused me of lying.
We got into an almost heated argument over when I bought the milk.
I had a receipt, but no matter.
I have never been treated like that by anyone before when trying to return a bad product.
The arguing went on for almost 5 minutes.
I finally left with a new gallon of milk and a terrible taste in my mouth.

As if I would buy milk, let it sit in my fridge for a month and then try to return it.
Really, the milk is only $3.50...it's the principle.I have to give Stanley's props for being something that Chicago is severely lacking in- a place with cheap organics!
Some stores actually charge prices like $1.50 per organic orange, while keeping a straight face.
Shout out to you, Jewel.

Pardon my French, but Stanley's is f-ing cheap.
And they have a really huge section of organic produce.
Now, they've got their flaws- Some produce is definitely on its way out, so try to think about your cooking plans before you go crazy on the fruits and veggies.
Also their non-produce items have the hefty price tag that we're used to seeing at most Chicago stores.

This couldn't just substitute in as your all-the-time grocery store.
But, its pretty great.Stanley's has amazing prices for produce.

Every time I come, I'm surprised by how little I have to pay.

While the produce is good, it is not as high quality as Whole Foods.
However, the difference in price makes up for the imperfections.First time shopper as I wanted to change up my usual spot.
I was in awe of the selection available!
So many fruits and veggies at very reasonable prices, and their deli is great, too.
I bought a gamut of items and checked out at under $40... awesome.
Will go back, highly recommended.2 crisp macintosh apples 3 tasty minneola oranges 2 amazing asian pears 2 black sweet plums 1 container of blueberries

all for less than $7.

they were out of the greek yogurt last night but still Stanley you get my 5 stars.Stanley's is so cool!
I think I just got a half cart of produce for $34!
Try to do THAT at Whole Foods or even Dominick's.

This is a great place to save & find fresh & plentiful produce.
There is a big convenient parking lot which is almost always packed.
They have the pumpkins out now - all sizes and shapes.
I love this time of year!

They have added a little deli section where they also make these amazing potato chips on site.
I tried the sweet potato and they were yum.

I like to stop here and then hit the Elston Wine Discount Center which is another great place to get quality goods for a great price!

Check it out y'all!I absolutely love Stanley's they have the best prices on organic fruits and veggies as well as non organics.
I love in the summers when they core the pineapples for you and they are 1.99.

If you are looking for great produce at an unbelievably price Stanley's is where you need to go.Stanley's is great.
While they primarily stock large quantities of cheap and fresh produce (organic and conventional); they also have a deli and sell spices, coffee, and limited pantry staples.
If they started selling Diet Coke and beer, I would never have to shop anywhere else.

The main reason I am able to shop at Stanley's is because I am only selectively picky and can be spontaneously flexible.
Here's the thing: Stanley's offers low prices, but I'm never positive what those low prices will be on; that's the glory of Stanley's and how they are able to offer such low prices.
You can't go into Stanley's planning to buy some cheap strawberries, because honestly?
They might not even have expensive strawberries.
However, you might walk into Stanley's and find perfect (and perfectly priced!) pineapple, parsnips, and persimmons.
You kind of have to go with the flow.

I made up a game that I call The Stanley's Game.
It's a winter game, mostly due to time and my inevitable boredom with winter produce.
I purchase something out of the norm which looks cheap and fresh...and then I take it home and figure out what to do with it.
(Usually this involves some sort of oven roasting or sauting; occasionally it involves muffins.)
There are wins and losses in the game, but it encourages me to try new things and new recipes.

Stanley's isn't fancy, but I don't need my produce stand to be fancy.
Produce comes from the ground and grows outside.
While Whole Foods has its charms, so does Stanley's.
The only thing that prevents me from giving five stars is the inconsistency/mystery of their stock.
Granted that's part of its charm, but making multiple stops when I really want strawberries isn't super charming.I never imagined I would be so excited about Yelping on a grocery store, but Stanley's is the isht.
It's a hassle for me to get here from my place, so I thought about asking a friend who lives closeby if he wanted a live-in chef in trade for letting me stay so much closer to my new-found produce mecca.

It doesn't get any fresher or cheaper than this.
Thank you, Stanley's, for being awesome.Bait and switch?
Deceptive pricing?
Cheating customers?
Yes, yes and yes.

I went to Stanley's on October 26, 2011 to purchase 20 pumpkins for a party.
I pulled in to the lot and was delighted to see giant boxes full of pumpkins.
I was even more delighted to see a big hand printed sign taped to the front of the store that proclaimed "PUMPKINS - .19 / LB."
Nineteen cents a pound, that's awesome!

I loaded up a cart with 20 pumpkins, also picked out some decorative gourds and proceeded to the checkout.
I was chatting away with my friend for a while and then glanced at the register screen.

$.79 per pound for the pumpkins is what the cashier was charging me.

I said: "Excuse me, the sign out front says $.19 per pound."

She said: "The $.19 is for the big pumpkins, these little ones are $.79."

I said: "There are no big pumpkins in your entire store, and the only sign near these pumpkins said $.19 per pound."

She and I walked outside to the front of the store.
Sure enough, big boxes filled with what I guess are "little pumpkins" and a big sign that says $.19 per pound.
No other signs, no special wording about "big" and "small" pumpkins.

She actually said: "You're right.
Let me talk to my manager."

A few minutes later, the manager comes over and asserts that the pumpkins we selected were $.79 per pound.
I expressed my dismay at the pricing listed and the deceptive way they were doing business.
He stood firm, insisting upon having one sign posted near the produce, but charging a totally different price that is more than 400% more than the listed price.

So we told them "no thanks" and I told the manager that he should change the sign immediately.
We left with a bad taste in our mouth for the way Stanley's does business, the way they treat their customers, and their willingness to lie to my face.

I can only wonder how many other customers didn't pay attention to what the register rang up and paid over 400% than what they thought they were going to pay.
I wonder how many other items in their store are labeled with one price, and ring up with another price.
I wonder what else the manager at Stanley's is doing to surreptitiously increase prices by 400%.

I'll not be returning to Stanley's ever again.

Along with this review, I'm also in touch with the Chicago Department of Business Affairs & Consumer Protection.I've been going to Stanley's for years, and until today, I was happy with their products and service.
Today they demonstrated what poor ethical standards they have.
They had a "special" on avocados today -- 10 for $1.
Great deal right?
Well, I bought 10 assuming at least 4-5 might be subpar.
I came home, cut them 4 hours after purchasing them, and found all 10 were completely black and rotten on the inside and some with mold.
Stanley's should be ashamed of themselves.
It's not about the $2 I lost.
It's about the fact that they knowingly sold rotten produce to make a buck.
Basically lesson learned -- if the deal sounds too good to be true at Stanley's you should probably skip it.Today on my way to Lincoln Park as I was getting off the expressway at North Avenue ,the brakes went out on the ramp .I was able to drive very slowly to the parking lot at Stanley's .Upon finding a parking place there, I went inside to ask a manager if I could leave my car there overnight and get it towed on Monday morning .The manager took me to the owner's office(Pete was his name ) ,he said it was no problem to leave my car there.
He then asked me how I was getting home and I said I was going to call a cab .
Pete then insisted that one of his employees would drive me home .Not only did his employee drive me home but he refused to take any money for his help .I cannot express how wonderful and kind Pete and his employee were to me in my time of need .Good job guys !I accidentally stumbled upon this place while taking my car in for inspection on Armitage last summer.
I distinctly remember seeing a sign in the window that read "Red Bell Peppers 79 cents a pound".
I thought to myself, is this some sort of sick joke?
So of course I turned my car around and went in.
To my surprise, it was accurate.

The produce here is good and dirt cheap.
I get a week's worth of produce under $15-20 here EVERY week.
Their freshly made pico de gallo is really good too.Pineapple.
Strawberries.
Lemons.
Limes.
Garlic.
Tomatoes.
Green Onions.
Cilantro.
Avocado.
Red Pepper.
Apples.
Romaine, Green Leaf and Red Leaf Lettuce.

ALL FOR 18 DOLLARS.

HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?

And they were playing David Bowie on a Saturday morning.
Um, yes please.I love Stanley's!
For all of you dedicated juicers/smoothie-rs/generally healthy eaters out there, this place is a must-visit.
There's a wide variety of produce, amazing seasonal discounts, and the cashiers are ridiculously fast.I LOVE stanleys!!!
Produce is great and is incredibly cheap.
Quality of produce is typically really good...like with everywhere else you need to be cautious of what you pick out and whether or not it may be bad/going bad.
One concern of mine is the cleanliness, I saw a guy stocking peaches and sneezed pretty grossly 2 times...spit in the air and on his hands and he simply kept stocking them.
Ive seen produce on the floor picked up and put back on the stand.
Main message: wash your fruits and veggies!!!
I also used the bathroom in the back and the back of the place was filthy and a mess....hopefully not having any influence on the front store.Stanley's is amazing for food safari; you never know what you'll find.
If you want artichokes, you cannot go there to get artichokes.
They do not always have artichokes.
Instead, you'll have to buy immaculate organic fingerling potatoes for 1.29 a pound.
Sorry.

Food safari drives some people crazy, people who make plans for their life.
To them I say this: surrender to Stanley.
Take what he offers you, and be nourished.Yes!

Much bigger selection of fruits and vegetables than aldi, amazing prices.
My new favorite place to shop.Not my usual greengrocer since I don't pass this way that often anymore.
But we passed by Stanley's way after closing the other night and I happened to be in the area again today.

Beautiful "organic" California peaches for 98/lb.
That's a great price!
Also bought cauliflower (49/lb.), green beans (59/lb.), and end-of-season bing cherries ($1.98/lb.; $1/lb. less than elsewhere!).
The review at http://chicagoist.com/2005/05/24/stanleys_fruit_vegetables.php is way over the top.

Clean and great looking, fresh produce.
Lots of bright, shiny people here though, and free parking.
One discovery near their deli, Jiminy freshly cooked chips (potato, sweet potato, pita, tortilla, etc., at premium prices) - http://www.jiminychips.com/Normally, my reviews are quite wordy but for Stanley's you don't need a lot of words:

- Prices so freakin' good you'll absolutely hate to shop in Jewel/Dominicks produce sections again.
(My weekly Stanley's haul is normally under $5 for a weeks worth of veg.) - Great organic selection. - The fruit is occasionally quite ripe (strawberries, avocados) so use things like that right away or they will spoil. - The parking lot can get a little "Mad Max".
Go early on weekends or just find a street spot.great price with varieties of fruits and vegetables.
Jimmy's chips are great, too.
They also have good cheese.If I were 1) a vegetarian, 2) impoverished, 3) the kind of person who does grocery shopping daily, then Stanley's would be my favorite place in the world.
However, being that I am only occasionally any/ all of the above Stanley's remains to be an only occasionally sorta place for me.

Kudos on the unbelievable produce selection (1), but the organization could use a little love.
Why is it I never see those delicious [enter produce name] until I'm already at the register?
I totally would have gotten some [re-enter produce name] if it hadn't been hidden by that shelf!

What Stanley's lacks in freshness, bee tee dubya, they totally make up for in price (2).
I'm really not sure how they do it.
I once saw whole watermelons on sale here for 50 cents.
Not 50 cents a pound, we're talkin the whole meln.
HOWEVER, no matter how inexpensive everything may be don't go stocking up -- a lot of their produce tends to go bad rather quickly (3).
So unless you fit the 1-2-3 description above, I wouldn't get too overly excited.Good for: deli, breads, dairy (cheeses) and SOME fruits/vegetables (loose spinach, loose mushrooms, zucchini if you use it within a day or two, lemons, limes, root veggies)

Bad for: berries (typically on verge of going very bad very fast, if not already), melons, peaches, nectarines, avocados.

I've had one bad avocado too many from Stanley's.
Although their prices can't be beat, I will no longer buy my fruit or avocados here because the quality just sucks.
I'd rather pay more and get better quality.
I will continue to stop here for fresh spinach and certain vegetables though.

Also, the music that plays is great!Love this place - I can't believe it took me this long to find it!
Super low prices and quality fruits and veggies... especially organic produce.
Everything I've tried has been really fresh - my new fave!Very inexpensive, big selection of REAL produce, lots of organic options.
Fruits and veggies from Stanley's just taste better!
And I know fruits and veggies, I'm a veggietarian.
I love coming here instead of supporting corporate machines.This is going to be a two part review.
Part One: Stanleys has excellent produce for cheap prices.
They have it all, fresh, good quality.
It is a fine vegetable store.
It's cheaper and better than Jewel, Dominick's, etc.
Part Two: The people who shop at Stanley's are a-holes.
I am sure not everyone is, but when I go there I end up being annoyed or injured by someone.
It's usually an upscale looking, older white woman who runs into me with her cart and does not apologize.
A cart running into your ankle is a lousy way to buy a tomato.
I know you have money, but say sorry, I'm not one of your servants.
Or some idiot in a giant SUV who cuts me off in the parking lot.
I just want to fight and kill after these little incidents... but I got some cheap veges, so instead of killing I eat.
In a month I'll be back for more.Stanley's is THE place in the city for fruits and vegetables!
Stanley's effects on me are profound: it's easy on the wallet, and it probably prolongs my life :)

You can load up on goodies for $15-$20 here.
It would probably be twice as much at a chain, or 3x as much at Whole Paycheck :) Man, I've seen Dominick's and Jewel sell single green peppers for $2 each, wth??
I love just browsing the aisles and finding whatever is cheap and "in season."
One week it may be 10c green peppers, another week it's 49c/lb bok choy.
It always makes your food preparations interesting!
It's like being on Iron Chef...
Yeah some items don't last more than a week or two in the fridge, but you just learn to eat what you buy.

I find that I eat healthier when I shop at Stanley's, because I buy much more fruit and veggies than I would elsewhere.
It's tough having carnivorous tendencies; I blame places like Hot Doug's for enabling them.
Stanley's balances out my diet.
Maybe if I eat enough veggies, all the fat and grease in my system will disappear?
Anyways, I always come back with 3-5 bags of stuff (for under $20!)
So instead of having a twinkie as a snack (lol), it's just as easy to nibble on some broccoli or an apple.
And instead of fries as a side dish, why not steam some spinach or mushrooms?

Oh yeah, it is indeed easier to shop at Stanley's on a weekday.I'm not sure what the rave is all about here.

I'm picky about my produce.
There's no question about that.
Not only am I from Iowa, I cook and I care about the quality of my ingredients.
While on my last Stanley's excursion, I did, in fact, come across some spectacular looking finds here.
The strawberries, for example, looked bright red, sweet, and delicious.
The corn even looked fresh and edible.

However, I shouldn't dig through almost an entire bin/section of an item to locate something that's fresh and without the beginnings of mold.
That goes for common items like tomatoes and jalapeos.
I will say that a fair portion of things sold here would be acceptable if you were using it the same day.
For most people, like me, things are left in the crisper for a few days and not much would hold up well for even that short amount of time.

I left with only a few items and ended up back at my local produce market.
I'll stick to that or, in season, farmer's markets, in the future.Oh Stanley's, how do I love thee?
Let me count the ways..

I love thee to the depth and breadth and height of your robust collection of quality produce and organic fruits and veggies, To your delicious and well rounded deli meats and cheeses, Potatoes, farm fresh eggs, yogurt pretzels and nuts oh my!

And best of all...your fair market prices, which are the finest I've found in the city.
Nowhere else can I stock up on enough staples to fill my fridge for weeks on less than one Benjamin.
Trust me, Jewel and Dominick's are Benjamin suckers for the same amount of food, and my wallet has learned the lesson.

I shall but love thee better after you add a full meat market to your selection and enlarge your parking lot (especially to accommodate Sunday afternoon shoppers).
But don't worry, you're still sonnet worthy...and I'll definitely keep coming back for more!i love stanleys. super cheap, and a vast selection of fruits and veggies! i love coming here to buy stuff to make smoothies. i am a believer of grocery stores such as this.

i do wish that stanley's had a meat section. i can get a lot of everything i want here, except for that. but hey, that's not what they're about.

super easy to get to, especially if you take elston. parking's easy too, and you can be in and out of there in 10 minutes!LOVE LOVE LOVE!
They have a great selection and you absolutely cannot beat the prices.
Besides all of the wonderful fruits and veggies, they also have a cooler in the back left corner that always has some interesting finds.
They have a lot of great prepared foods, hummus, cheese and yogurt.
They make their own potato chips (which they always have samples of) and their deli is very reasonably priced.
Anyplace that I can walk out of with 2 packed shopping bags for less than 20 bucks is alright in my book.I grew up in the South and was a bit spoiled by the availability of fresh, inexpensive produce there.
Was a bit shell-shocked with the grocers' selections when I moved to Chicago:

- Jewel & Dominick's (moderately-priced and mediocre) - Whole Foods (expensive self-righteous goods) - Treasure Island (see Whole Foods) - Lincoln Park Farmer's Market (nice atmosphere & decent prices, but a lot of it is rotten) - neighborhood grocery stores (spare selection & somewhat overpriced)

Stanley's is like a farmer's market with better hours.
Huge, cheap selection of produce makes it easy for me to get my 5 servings of fruits and veggies :-D It's not always the freshest stuff, but, with a little planning and organization, it'll get you through the week with a happy wallet.
The non-produce items - nuts, pastas, grains, salty snacks - are pretty decent, too.Stanley's prices don't appear to be any better than some of the grocers I've visited on the Southside.
I've had this place bookmarked for some time now and don't really believe it's worth a trip to get here.
For locals, I can see the benefit of having a produce market nearby.
For everyone else, I would bet you can find cheaper options much closer to you.

The kiwi I got from here were the size of dimes and some varieties of apples weren't the cheapest.
One trip to Stanley's was enough for me but they do appear to be generally cheaper than the larger grocers in Chicago.What can I say about Stanley's that has not been said before.
Dirt cheap fruits and veggies.
I am fortunate enough to live close so I can multiple times a week to stock up, a lot of stuff here does not last too long.
On the same note, you should read up on how to pick fruit & veggies before coming because there are occasionally some pieces that are past their prime.

But it's cheap as heck, quick, and tons of stuff to choose from.
I'll keep coming back.This place is great.
It's not like a farmer's market or co-op per se, but they do have organic produce and other options too!
It's a produce stand, but they added a meat section too.
If you love great produce for great prices, you can find it off season here if you pick through things a bit.
You can get their organic produce items for a small price and then go to Whole Foods for the rest and save a bucket-load of money!!This place NEEDS to 5 stars.
Its the only place I go to now for grocery shopping!
I don't have a car and literally go out of my way to go here.
Best deals, great produce!
It's amazing.
Everyone needs to try this place.
They won't be disappointed!Sorry Stanley's it's over, I'm breaking up with you.
All that was offered at my last visits were limp lettuce leaves and soft ready to expire vegetables.

Most of still my big gripe is the Equal Exchange coffee, again every variety empty.
This is ongoing, for real can management be that dumb, constantly out=big seller.
Perhaps we need to order more.
This time when I asked if there was any in back, the guy was a crank.
Maybe because he has been fielding the same question, so again...order more.

Not that it matters to me, because I'm done with you anyhow.
Between, everything that I buy spoiling the next day and no coffee why bother.

Yes, I'll probably sneak in, Stanley's you with your dark hair, chiseled face and pipe I may falter, going back to an ex is familiar in a weak moment.
However, I'm learning not to expect much and once I find a source for my coffee, you'll be gone from my life for good.Do you like fruits and vegetables?
Go to Stanley's for probably the cheapest produce in town.

However, do not use a shopping cart.
Everything that you buy at Stanley's has a very short shelf life.
These fruits and veggies are old and although they're good when you buy them they won't be in two or three days.
So use a shopping basket and buy what you'll eat in the next two days.

Dairy, pasta, canned goods, and deli foods are not cheap and not special.

Also, Stanley's sells Intelligentsia coffee for $10.Stanleys is incredibly cheap, and has a good organic section.

If the produce from here spoils quickly, it's because this stuff comes from farmers who do not use a ton of chemicals to preserve the shelf life.
And I'm okay with that because I prefer real food to edible food like substances.

If you are interested in juicing or a vegetarian diet, this is your place!Excellent produce.
There items are changing all the time.
Great prices and great quality.
This is the only place to go for fruit and vegetables.Heart this place.
I've driven by a bunch of times, but never stopped.
Oh man.
Weekly, please?
I don't even live near here, but I will find a way when I'm in the area.

I honestly didn't see the rotting produce that other reviewers talked about.
In fact, I thought the quality was pretty good, and this is not my first veggie rodeo.
But, obviously this is only one day, so maybe I got lucky today.
Also, I'm trying not to be as much of a produce snob, because there's SO much waste in the grocery business.
A few blemishes aren't a big deal.
(But like I said, the quality was high today, at least for what I was looking at.)

CHEAP.
OMG cheap.
When the cashier told me my total, I actually laughed.
I'm sure she gets it a lot and/or thought I was a lame yuppy sucker on a field trip.
Whatever, that's cool.
Because OMG CHEAP. $5.65 for what would have easily cost me $20 at Jewel.

I don't know whether to cry, "Bless you, Stanley's, for selling shit so cheap," or "Screw you, Jewel, for being so expensive."

Today's prices:

Asparagus: $.98 a pound.
Ninety-eight freakin cents.
Jewel is currently selling asparagus of the same quality for $3.99 a pound, and Dominicks had a sale last week for like $2.99 a pound.
Trader Joe's is selling it for like $1.99 a pound, and I thought THAT was a steal.
(I eat a lot of asparagus, obviously lol.)
Total for a regular sized bunch: $1.03 + tax.

Baking potatoes: $.49 a pound.
I only got two, because they were monster sized. $.99 + tax.

Golden Delicious apples: $.98 a pound.
Usually like $1.29 a pound at Jewel.
These were pretty small, though.
I like the big assed nuclear ones.

Grape tomatoes: $.98 for a small box.
Are you for serious?
These are like at least $2.99 at the regular grocery store, sometimes more.

Red bell pepper: $.69 a pound.
Whoa.
Like whoa.
I've sometimes seen a SINGLE red pepper for like $2.
This one cost me $.33 + tax.

Orange bell pepper: $.98 a pound.
Huzzah!

Bananas: $.69 a pound.
Actually, Trader Joe's is really the place to buy bananas if you're there ($.19 each), but still.
I got 4 bananas at Stanley's for a grand total of $1.14 + tax.

Yes, I realize it's kind of wackadoo of me to type out all the prices, but seriously.
It's that amazeballs!

My only complaint...watch out for meandering hipsters and stubborn old ladies who obviously hate that the store has been discovered by meandering hipsters.
This one old lady seriously just stepped in front of me in line at the register.
Just walked straight up and stood in front of me and shoved her one apple and her dollar bill at the cashier.
This was not confusion.
This was balls.
So yeah.
Ballsy old ladies who don't give a fuck.
But you kind of have to love that, so whatevs.Stanley's PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, stock Tortillas!

It doesnt make any sense that you offer so much produce, tortilla chips, pica de gayo, guacamole stuff, but no tortillas?

Every time I go to Stanley's thinking I'll make vegetable tacos, tostadas, burrito pie, Mexican lasagna, etc....I get kicked in the face.
No tortillas.

You offer pitas, naan, and many breads...but no tortillas. what the ef?Stanley- You get three stars for the following:

Store made chips - The Sweet Potato are fantastic.
Decent Price for Intelligentsia Coffee Bread Selection Early hours

You lose stars for the following

Banana's that go bad the minute I get them home (third time in a month) Skimpy rotten Rhubarb stalks Always high price Grapefruit High prices in the deli( Strack & Van Til sell the same brands right up Elston for usually $1-2 dollars less per pound.
No Website or sales flier The quality of your produce has been on the downward swing for sometime now.
Time to ramp it up Stan!!!A great selection of fruits and veggies at unbelievably reasonable prices.
I tend to juice a lot and saving cash on my juicing items is a plus.
Apples at .59/lb = freaking awesome.
Cucumbers for 3-$1.
I wish their was a wider selection of Kale but other than that a solid place for your healthy fruity and veggie needs.GREAT deals, good organic selection but you HAVE TO EAT THE FOOD ON THE WAY HOME.
It is cheap because it is near the end of it's life.
Doesn't mean it's bad just means you have to hurry and eat it!
I buy organic foods and some of the poison-laden ones....A short walk from my place now that the weather is nicer.
A 5 lb. bag of potatoes for 99 cents.. all of the produce is ridiculously inexpensive and much better than any of the grocery chains.

Not that this should really matter, but the place is overflowing with smoking hot women just about every time I am in this place, just sayin..So you may be asking yourself: "what the hell is Hilary - a girl who lives in LA - doing reviewing a produce market that already has 284 reviews?!"
Well, let's just say I have a strong need to express my envy, ok?

Stanley's is like a fresh produce wonderland.
The market itself is small but clean and incredibly well-stocked.
Everything is super-cheap... 10 for $1 is a constant theme throughout and the Oxnard strawberries I live close enough to pick up directly from the field yet still run me at least $3/pound here in Cali only cost $1/pound somehow at Stanley's.
We did some serious damage, buying limes, lemons, corn, strawberries, potatoes, watermelon, etc. for a bbq for 70 people.
All that combined with 2 snooty juice drinks from the cooler which made up $6 of our bill and yet somehow it was only $25 out the door!
So yeah, I have some serious produce market envy, Stanley's.
Thanks for that.Back in the day, I used to like Stanleys.
But as they got more popular during the last few years, Stanley got greedy and cheap.
I swear every time I shop there my produce goes bad the next day.
Then I heard that they buy the reject produce that no one else will buy.
Sure, they have cheap organic veggies, but what good is that when they were picked over a month ago.
People, we have to demand that they raise the quality of their items.
I'm not hating, I'm genuinely disappointed.I have come out of hiding to review Stanley's fruits and veggies.

I wasn't even in the market for shopping, I was just dropping a friend off at work.
Then, the strawberries and corn caught my eye.
So, I decided that I had to stop.

Being from Iowa, I am super picky about corn.
The corn manager said that it was fresh from Florida but still, I couldn't do it.
I'll wait for my parents to deliver sweet corn to me in a few months.

I grabbed a few pounds of strawberries (and I don't even like strawberries) and they were super.
Perfectly ripe, sweet, juicy.
I loved 'em.

I grabbed a cantaloupe too!
This is the REAL reason why I came out of hiding.
I ate half the cantaloupe today for lunch because I couldn't stop!
It was SO juicy and delicious.
My pants got soaked from the cantaloupe juice while I was eating it but I didn't care, I just kept noshing.

I also grabbed a bunch of ingredients to make a Greek salad (which I have been eating on for 5 days) and all the veggies were fresh and delicious.
I cannot say enough good things about this place.
I'm usually an Aldis-junkie for veggies but Stanley's will be my store of choice from now on.
I spent about $16 for everything and it was well worth it!Stanley's gets great reviews, but we were really disappointed.
Produce is cheap, but almost all the fruits and vegetables we bought Sunday had gone bad by Thursday.
The green beans had actually grown mold.
The corn had not gone bad but was very tough, and the prepackaged spinach had a bug in it.
The cost savings aren't worth it when you're throwing away your purchases in less than 5 days.I went to Stanley's for my first time last weekend.
It was packed, but I got a really good deal.

I bought all kinds of vegetable and fruits and paid under $40.
Isn't it awesome?

One thing I consider is that it's kinda far from where I live.
It is worth to travel little further to get a good deal though.

I will definitely go again some time next month when I finish eating all vege and fruits from last week.One word....YUCK!!
I was in here over the weekend after seeing the reviews out here and to say I was disappointed would be an understatement.

As I walked in, all I could smell was rotting food.
I thought maybe it was the produce outside, but after walking in further, it was obvious there was something else going on here.

The prices wern't that great.
Better than a Jewel or Dominicks, but not better than other similar stores in Chicago.

Needless to say, I won't be going back to Stanley's ever.A greater place on earth, I cannot find.
Huge selection of fruits and vegetables (about one-third of which are organic).
Go there to get anything from apples to organic purple potatoes to fennel bulbs, and enjoy the 80s soundtrack (good, slightly obscure stuff, not "Footloose") while you shop the well-lit, well-signed aisles.

The best part is the prices ...
I usually exit with two tote bags stuffed full, and have rarely paid more than $20 per trip.
Red bell peppers for 79 cents a pound.
Boston lettuce for 49 cents a pound.
The specials are amazing.

They recently expanded and have a deli, with homemade bread and specialty meats and cheese, but I can't speak to that personally - I do know it smells good.

Two words of caution - Sunday afternoons there are a crowded nightmare and you can't always guarantee you'll find everything on your produce list (they don't always have cherry tomatoes, for example, or pineapple).
So hit Stanley's before you do the rest of your shopping.
Also, it's not super-easy to get to on public transportation if you're coming from downtown.Stanley's is an institution.
They have the best produce VALUE in Chicago.

They are not an uber high end chain.
He shops the terminal market and also buys directly through the grower to find the best combination of quality and freshness.
Some might complain about shelf -life..... then buy apples - not berries.
It is produce and it's meant to be eaten when you buy it.
Flavor is his barometer.

Chefs shop here because they can find ready to eat ripeness, frugal family's can load up on economic staples and the pesticide concerned still have their organic choices.

The owner is a gem of a guy that is truly grateful to be able to provide nutritious food to our community and we are lucky to have him.Stanley's Produce gets a solid 3.5 stars in my book.
If I lived in the city, I'd give it 5 stars, simply because it's way better than shopping at the big box stores.
Jewel and Dominicks sell produce that lasts forever because it's like plastic - unless you are buying organic, it seems as far away from a freshly farmed vegetable that you can get.

But alas, although Stanley's has a good selection of fresh produce and is wonderfully priced, I am lucky enough to be a suburbanite and live in between 3 Caputo's Markets.
And Caputo's blows Stanley's away - thus the 3.5 stars for Stanley's.
For a produce place, their selection and variety of produce is about 60% of what you can get at Caputo's; and Caputo's is inexpensive as well.
And Caputo's carries deli, and canned ethic goods - so I can get most of my shopping done there.
So, city dwellers, Stanley's is a great option for you, and if you are currently shopping at a big box, I would advise you to try out Stanleys one of these days.
Otherwise, I'll stick with my Caputo's.Stanley's is one of my fav parts of living where I do.
The produce is always great---in the years I have been going to Stanley's I have never had a problem with their food.
It is always affordable and fresh.
In addition to their produce they also have fresh nuts, dried fruits, Intellegensia coffee, Amish eggs, fresh olive oil and more.

One thing to consider: The parking can be tight but it's never been so bad I couldn't find a spot.

A side note: I'm pretty sure that they have tapped into my IPOD...I mean they go from Madonna to Psychedelic Furs...I really appreciate Stanleys.
The have a fantastic variety of fruits, veggies, cheese and other deli type purchases.
Staff are very friendly and prices are fabulous.
They really do make Whole Foods look like it's nickname (Whole Paycheck).
Sorry, Whole Foods.
While I have a deep affection for you, I just can't shop your aisles as often as you'd like.
We've never experienced our purchases going bad too quickly.
But then again, I don't usually buy a tomato on Monday that I'm not going to use until Sunday.If you don't mind buying non organic then it's okay I guess, but honeslty the prices aren't that great.
Go to Jerry's on Milwaukee instead - so so so much cheaper.
I only generally buy organic so I was disappointed that there wasn't that much.
Plus the milk & orange juice was so so expensive.
Won't be returning - I will stick to MarianosMy wife and I moved to Logan Square a little while ago, but we still drive to Stanley's every week for our fruits and veggies.

Stanley's has a huge variety of produce, with a large organic section.

Their food is usually ripe or close to it, so things are ready to eat, but they can go bad in a couple days if you don't pay attention.

The service there is great - I don't think I've ever waited in line for more than a minute or two.

Maybe my favorite thing about Stanley's is the prices.
Some of the non produce stuff can be a little expensive, but I only buy fruits and veggies there.
I'll usually walk out with 2 or 3 of the big cloth grocery bags overflowing with food for less than $30 and sometimes less than $20.
If i were to buy the same amount of produce at Jewel it would easily cost double if not triple that.Stanley's makes the Garden of Eden look like the La Salle blue line station.
My favorite section is where there is loose spinach that you use tongs to put into a bag.
You can get a garbage bag full of that spinach for about 12 cents.
Right behind the spinach is a drum of olive oil that you can sample in a shot glass.
(If only Stanley's sold whiskey.)

There is an excellent selection of both organic and conventionally grown produce; everything is fresher and cheaper than any grocery store.
There is also a section that sells meat and bread that I have not ventured to.My friend Mike was trying to get me to come here for the longest time, because he knows how much I love fresh fruits and veggies.
Holy shite!
The first time I came here, I was smacked pow in the face with the deal on strawberries! 50 cents for a whole package!
In competition with the 6 dollars at whole foods!?
Okay okay, the strawberries don't have the freshest organic flavor, and there may be some bad ones, but they're still damn good...and my wallet smiles huge.

A huge perk at Stanleys, is the olive oil table near the back.
You can buy cheap olive oil (you bottle it yourself from huge jugs with a tap) -- the bottles come in three sizes, and they also have a basil oil.
Yum.
(5 dollars for the smallest bottle)

I make a HUGE fruit salad that I divvy up and it lasts me all week..
I'm talking green grapes, strawberries, kiwi, grapefruit, bananas, apples, plums, asian pears... and this salad costs roughly 12 bucks!

*they also have a decent organic selection and some great lebanese food near the dairy.

Now I need a t-shirt that says "I heart Stanley's."All produce here is really old.
You pay half price and you throw out half out what you bought anyway because it goes bad overnight or is rotten when you cut it the same day.
No excuse for going to this place with the farmers markets in Chicago.If you're super impressed by the fake ass waxed fruit at the regular grocery store, you probably won't like Stanley's very much, which is excellent, because you won't be in my way, fondling my dirt cheap organic leafy greens and whatnot.

Orange bell peppers, portabella mushrooms in bulk, every kind of fruit and organic kale all abound - priced at least 50% less than at Jewel or Dominick's and no where near the prices in Whole Foods' produce section - which, if you read the little signs, often charges boutique prices for "conventionally grown" produce - fyi, that means "regular old" produce.
Today I got some Milk & Honey granola for less than $5, too!

And yes, the fruits and vegetables will go bad after a couple of days.
What?
Did you miss that day in Home Ec?
That's what happens to produce - if it's not monster produce or something.
You should not be jumping for joy if it takes two weeks for your "regular" produce to "go bad."
You know what's really infuriating?
When your stuff goes bad before you can use it, but you paid three times as much for it.
That's enough to make you want to shiv a peach for real.

When you can be eating sauteed chard with garlic and ginger, with roasted mushrooms and carrot soup for the same price as McDonalds?
That is a beautiful thing.Good lord Stanley, what happened to your place?
Man, you used to be great!
Remember when I would make special trips just to come see you, and you had a fun, kinda dumpy little store that was a blast to shop?

Well, fella you have changed.
Sure, you still have a pretty bangin assortment of produce, and I really appreciate your prices, along with your face lift.
But whats up with the mob of horrid, rude, supercilious customers now?
It's almost as bad as that $99 Filene's Basement wedding gown sale, where women beat the living crap out of each other just to buy a damaged dress.
Dude, it is almost to that point.
The amount of eye-rolling and huffing in line and shrill, passive-aggressive remarks in your (sadly) too small parking lot makes me almost remember my high school days...um, fondly.
And thats rather hard to do.

Man, maybe I need to come here during the week and not on the weekend, but I dont know.
You have scared me!
I really dont want to get run over by some fancy ass Lexus SUV-driving chick who is pissed she is being delayed in getting to the tangelos.Great produce selection - one can easily spend a couple of hours browsing around the store.
Cheaper prices than anywhere else.
Fantastic bread and cheese selection - cheese platter here I come...

Perks of going here: 1) You fill your own bottle of olive oil, as much or little as you need, but you have to be careful because making a mess it is easy.
2) The home made chips are so yummy and addictive - again you can get your bag here :-) 3) Free parking!!!!!Ignore the haters.
Overall, Stanley's is a great resource for produce.
They have a varied selection which includes organic, lots of fresh seasonal fruits and vegetables, and the lowest prices around.
Yes, parking can be a nightmare if you go on a Sunday at 4pm--the same time everyone and their uncle goes.
Duh.

Some of the fruit and veggies, particularly those marked down at deeply discounted prices, can go bad quickly.
That's why you're supposed to fondle the melons.
Caress the tomatoes.
Sniff the strawberries.
Clean your ears with the carrots.
Stroke the zuchini.
And, you know, if you can squeeze the avocados like a tube of toothpaste, then maybe, uh, you shouldn't buy them that day.

F'reals, it should go without saying that people should always use common sense when choosing produce, whether you're at Stanley's, the local farmer's market, or some run of the muck grocery store.
The majority of produce at Stanley's is of a good quality, and they also have a large supply of fresh, cheap herbs and spices.I LOVE STANLEY'S!!
Seriously my friends are starting to get annoyed with me because I can't stop raving about it.
It's incredible.
Yes, some of the produce is ripe - but you know what?
When avocados are 10 for $1, I can deal with that.
It's ideal if you're making something in the very near future.
And it's not as if everything is completely ripe - maybe only like 25% of the produce.

But they have more than just produce - their tortilla chips (can't remember the brand) are some of the best I've ever had; they have a large variety of cheeses and the fill-your-own-bottle, fresh olive oil selection is incredible.
And they often have fresh flowers for like $2.
I really heart Stanley's.This place kicks ass, but you have to know how to shop it.
Buy potatoes, beets, carrots, celery root, hard squash and other root veg with abandon -- this stuff is gobs cheaper than at other markets, and can kick around your refrigerator's crisper drawer for a while.

More perishable fruits and veg you've got to approach cautiously.
Take peaches, for example.
Squeeze 'em. If they're firm, you've got some time to let them lounge around your countertops.
If they're really soft, you've got to eat them right away.
Or make ice cream, or cobbler, or jam.
Same goes for tomatoes -- make pizza sauce, or salsa, or a huge tomato-onion salad, but don't buy six pounds, leave them on your counter for a week, then complain when they go bad.

I love Stanley's for the novelty -- it's always different.
Makes shopping with a list difficult, but if you're relatively flexible or adventurous, it's great.
I hit up the organic side of the store first -- the selection's a little smaller, but the prices are almost always better than the conventional stuff.
Plus it's less crowded, so leave your cart over there [tucked neatly aside, of course] while you wander the rest of the store.

I also dig the dry goods section -- Intelligentsia coffee and tea, great ethnic breads, dried pastas, killer tortilla chips, and lots of little weirdo snacky nuts and treats.
The dairy section also features some great deals - just be sure to check the expiration dates.Will someone please explain to me in realistic terms what the F is so great about Stanley's? (Except the sign, of course.
I love the sign.)

All of the produce I've purchased at Stanley's either begins to rot within 48 hours of purchase, or has no flavor, or worse: both.
The berries are a great example of flavorlessness.
Perhaps some of their produce is decent and you just have to search it out.
I, however, have neither the time nor the patience to hunt down the perfect tomato.
On the up side, it's cheap.
I suppose you get what you pay for.

They've got some okay non-produce items, but for a spot that has "Fruit & Vegetables" right in the name, they ought to step up their game.

Oh, and another thing: people have tried to tell me that all of Stanley's produce is organic.
It is not.
Read the signs.
Organic produce is marked as such.Going early on the weekends is strongly advised because the place gets JAMMED.
For good reason too- prices on most items can't be beat.
Outstanding selection is sometimes marred by underripe or overly ripe produce, so just look closely before you fill up your little plastic baggy.
Good organic selection; if you're like me and not married to organic food but will buy it if the price is right, check out their organic stuff before selecting the non-organic- occasionally the organic stuff is a little cheaper.
There are a few other special buys they get here, like toothbrushes, taco chips, and olive oil.
The dairy section has some great yogurt that's pretty cheap compared to supermarket prices.

EDIT: The last few times I've been here, I've been pretty aggravated about the way that a few of their workers sweep the floors.
This may sound nitpicky, but if you've seen them do it you'll know what I mean.
These guys have a broom in their hand and aggressively sweep all the junk across the floor to some corner to be picked up.
The problem is, they have no aim and no consideration for customers that are walking the aisles.
Don't be surprised if you're shopping here and get hit in the feet or legs with pieces of spinach, green beans, peanut shells, or onion peelings.
If I'm in shorts and/or flip flops, I especially don't want to get hit by that junk.This is some cheap produce!
Some of it is definitely "day of" deals, by that I mean you should use it that day because it will go bad.
Obviously, some of the reviewers don't understand that.

Know how to pick good produce and you're set.
No one can beat their deals on herbs though!
Also, Jiminy Chips are the best ever, especially the sweet potato ones.

Every store will have some bad produce, so just don't be stupid and you'll save a ton of money here.
I do every week.Stanley's is perfect for the fruit and veggie lover!
We make a weekly trip to Stanley's for produce and end up with a kitchen full of healthy goodness!
Their prices are insanely cheap.
This is great for people who like to juice every morning like myself.
You have to really look over the produce and be careful to not buy a ton because it will turn bad within a week.
That is certainly worth the cost of this place.
So glad I discovered it many years ago!
I would avoid going on Saturday or Sunday.
It can get so crowded.
I prefer during the week or Friday after work.Stanley's has become a bi-weekly stop on our grocery shopping trip.
It was already renovated when I moved to Chicago, so I have no comparisons to make.
I stand by my Yelp rating of 4 stars because this place truly saves my checkbook.
I haven't had any problems with food going bad any sooner than produce purchased at other grocery stores and I feel better buying here since it goes back to organic and local farmers.

The deals they have at Stanley's are out of this world great on items in surplus.
Sometimes a Stanley's trip will define what I decide to make.
If avocados are super cheap, then guacamole will be made.
Some of the items that they do carry are catered more towards the yuppie clientele, but the reason they stock premium cheese and yogurt is likely because helps them sell the produce at such a low cost.
This past weekend we grilled sweet corn from Stanley's twice and both times; just excellent and they were 5 for a dollar.
What would a dollar get you at a chain grocery store and what chemicals had it likely been processed through?
I love Stanley's!I was unable to finish my apple for breakfast this morning.
An apple!
Who can't finish an apple?
Well this girl, because it was as big as my head almost!
And oh so cheap.

I'm now a Stanley's shopper forever.
The fact that we left with 2 huge bags of fresh produce and a couple of huge pickles for my girl, for around $25 is amazing!
And I wasn't expecting to see things like pomegranates, mangoes and all the different kinds of apples!

My produce is gorgeous and now I'm all set for the holidays.
It was nice to shop for my fruits and veggies for the week and not feel awful about spending such money to eat healthy.
And damn, my salad was good this afternoon!
Can't wait to go back and stock up again!Maybe there's another produce market that's cheaper, but I haven't found it yet in the city.
Since going vegetarian, this has been my spot for everything that has kept me healthy, and full of energy.

I go here at least once a week, and have never spent more than $40 for ridiculous amounts of fresh fruit and vegetables.
It really is hard to spend a lot of money here.
It seems like they have grapefruit year-around, great selection of apples and pears (my favorites to snack on), as well as a good organic selection.

They have fresh basil, parsley, cilantro and other spices, any and everything you need to make your favorite salsas, sauces, hummus and soups.

I'm weird.
I think about how I would get by if I were homeless.
Well this is the place I'd get the most bang for whatever buck I could get.
Five bucks would feed me for the week if I did it right!
Is it bad for me to think like that?

Anyways, if you're going to drive to Dominick's or Jewel, take the extra 5 minutes, go to Stanley's and you'll end up buying more for less, and eating healthier.Stanley's is fantastic.
If you know how to shop there.

For all the folks bitching and moaning about produce going bad in a couple days... it's produce!
Learn how to buy it!
If you don't plan on eating all your bananas the day after you buy them, don't buy all ripe bananas!
Is it really that hard?

I've shopped at Stanley's for about five years now, typically making semi-monthly trips.
Granted, I eat like a vegan who likes bacon, but I've rarely had any of their produce go bad on me prematurely.
Even the pre-cut mesclun green mix has lasted well over a week in my fridge, and the Jewel version I've bought on occassion barely lasts two days before wilting into something I won't even touch.

Before you complain about the "quality" of Stanley's produce, learn how to look for what will keep!
It's the same as any neighborhood produce market, only it's filled with hip idiots nowadays.
Buy a ripe avocado, buy a hard avocado.
Buy a ripe banana, buy a green banana.
Buy a bright red apple, buy an apple that's still a little green.
It's not that hard.
Keep your eyes open and you can save a bundle, eat for virtually nil, and bear witness to some hilarious conversations about Chicago's culture from people who grew up in Niles.Stanley's is great if you understand what it is: the final stop for produce on it's way out, whether it's been languishing in other stores or has been too long on a truck.
The produce is cheap and should be eaten within a few days.
Most of the greens will wilt badly two or three days after you bring them home: SO EAT THEM FAST.

THE WORST PART about this place are the blockhead customers that feel the need to put everything in plastic bags and then get more plastic bags to put those bags into.
Today I saw a man put three potatoes into plastic bags and then check out to put that bag into another bag.
Dude, potatoes are grown in dirt - the dirtiest of things.
You don't need two plastic bags for something that you're most likely going to wash when you get home anyway.
In fact, if you're still even using plastic bags at the market, you should research the island of garbage in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, because you're building it.
Oh, you're also a jerk.yesss, stanley's, yesssss.

I took imran here for groceries because he refuses to drive his car in the city in hopes that gas prices will remain low because the demand is low.
So he uses the CTA for inter-city travel, meaning, he rides the bus to my apartment, we get in my car, and I drive him around.

So we went to Stanley's last weekend for delicious produce.
The lighting in that place is stellar.
The produce -- excellent.
Sexcellent even.
Great price, it's all fresh and that's basically all you need to hear.
Because you and I both know that the produce at Jewel ain't cutting it.
And lord knows buying produce at Super Target on Elston doesn't feel right.
Stanley's is da bomb.

They also sell delicious Italian groceries such as my favorite pasta and italian soda.
They have a giant olive oil station as well and you can trade your bottle in, how Euro of them.

I'm a fan.
I can't wait to go back!(Just a Note: This review is really 3.25stars)

The Good: Stanley's yes has a lot of different fruits & vegetables.
They have everything neatly put away, and all the shelves are fully stocked.
There staff is also very friendly, I asked a nice young man where I could locate the yellow squash, he responded..."Oh unfortunately we don't carry yellow squash currently.
I'm sorry--we do have some butternut or spaghetti!"
How nice was that?
They also are cheap.
Everything I got (and I received a lot) was under $20.00.
They also carry some quick snack like food if you'd like such as hummus, dips, yogurts & cheese.

The Bad & the Ugly: Some of their produce was bruised--badly.
I had to dig underneath the bad bananas to get to the bit unripe ones for about 5 minutes.
The bananas on the top were so black that they were meant of banana bread, not snacking.
Also a lot of their red onions didn't look so good.
So I had to get Spanish onions instead.
The berry section didn't look promising either.

So this place is really a toss up.
I'll keep going here for random groceries.
But not shop here totally.
Cermak Produce has the best produce around my hood anyway.Believe it or not, Stanley's has some great baked bread.
They carry whole-wheat pitas, tomato bread, focaccia, and much more.

Stanley's has a decent selection of organic produce that is very reasonably priced, but honestly I would like to see a bigger variety.
We love the organic spring mix (as do our parakeets and dog) and the young Thai coconuts.
The produce, despite what a lot of reviewers say, doesn't go rotten that quickly.
It rots at the same rate as your average grocery, unless you are getting already super ripe items, then of course it's going to spoil quickly!

If you want gourmet cheeses (expensive), hummus, cage free organic eggs ($1.98/dozen), milk in a glass bottle, Ben & Jerry's ice cream, some dry goods, bread, great produce, and an actual parking lot, Stanley is your man!This place is a vegetarian's dream!!
Where else can you buy three full bags of fruits and veggies for $20!??

I am and always will be a loyal Stanley customer.
They are by far the best selection in the area.
They have free parking, or the north ave bus is right across the street if you bus it like I do.I love the price of the fruits and veggies.
However, I have to eat them really quickly.
Also parking is becoming a huge problem.
They need to expand it.
Otherwise, it's a good shopping experience and now they have good deli meats to select.Me likes shopping for my produce without being tempted by rows and rows of overly processed garbage. :)

Wish it was more convenient, but I stop when I can.
Got a boatload of veggies for $30, well worth it.
Gotta use most of it pretty quick though...

Stanley is the man.I've been a loyal customer for years!
Every time I am amazed at how low my total is upon checkout.
Produce quality is excellent.
People there are friendly, helpful and efficient.
I tell everyone who moves to Chicago about this place.Hands down my preference for produce and veg in Chicago.
It's good to support the local guy who dos it right.
And where else can you get 3 avocados for a buck?!

Weekends get packed though, so either plan accordingly to avoid the crowds- or make sure you brush your hair.still super legit.

perfect for grabbing everything you need for a grill sesh. going there today to grab some fruit for sangria tonight.I Heart -

Cheap.
When I was jobless, I could come here early in the morning and get the last day produce practically for free from the sales rack.
Even at full price, you walk out with two huge bags of produce for about $11.00 - can't beat it.

Selection.
It is freaking great, I love the produce, the cheeses, everything.
It makes me happy.

Help.
They are very helpful and friendly here, I love family owned businesses.

I Do Not Heart -

Mobs.
I've been coming here almost 20 years and, sure, it's always been pretty busy, but jeez, this place is worse than Trader Joe's now in terms of crowds.
Even with the expansion, I swear I have to take a xanax to come in here, it's like the freaking Thunderdome.
Do yourself a favor and come in during off hours.

Parking.
The parking lot is the worst, every time a near collision with some moron Lincoln Park house wife in her 80k SUV chatting on her phone and assuming everyone will get the hell out of her way as she takes up 2-3 of the precious parking spots.
No joke.I was in dire need of some fruit, I crave green apples and grapefruit on a daily basis, and since I didn't have time to run up to Family Fruit Market, I decided to check out Stanleys.
While it doesn't steal my heart away from FFM, it definitely did the job.

Stanleys had nice crisp granny smith apples and some ripe texas grapefruits (honestly give me one of each and you've already found a cozy spot in my heart).
The prices were comparable to FFM, however, I think the freshness is a bit better than Stanleys.
Also, the store itself didn't seem to have as much light, thus making it feel a tad bit on the dirty side, as FFM does.

Regardless, I'll definitely be back when I'm in a time crunch, cause I honestly cannot live without fruit in my life.Stanley's, I do love thee.
You make a poor college girl's produce dreams come true.
And as a novice cook and budding foodie, the olive oil your family makes in Greece is a welcomed joy to my grocery basket.
I don't care if I need to walk a mile and then take a bus to get to you.
The salads, fruits, veggies, cold cuts, and fresh bread that I eat when I come home makes it all worth it.Shut up!
Inexpensive, fresh produce everyday without having to use some store card/coupon/sales circular?
Yes!
I make my weekly trek to Stanley's and have turned a few friends on to this spot.
Definitely a plus to get there early to get the better selections.
I'm always leaving with 2 super stuffed bags (re-usable, of course) of delicious produce usually less than $40.
Be sure to check out the homemade potato chips over in the deli area.
Yum!If you don't like 16oz. of strawberries for $.49 or a freakin' pineapple for $2 or fresh (as in made in-store before your eyes) olive-oil or blueberry plums or the best orange peppers of your life, then you're an asshole.

95% of what you'll get here is very good quality... a great bet.I passed by Stanley's on my way to Trader Joes/Whole Foods for MONTHS with the thought "Meh, slightly cheaper produce isn't really worth a separate stop."
When I finally decided to pop in, my eating and grocery shopping ways were changed forever!

Lemme lay it out for you: Stanley's IS worth the stop.
We're not talking about "slightly cheaper" produce, we are talking deals so good, they will make you use "Bob Ross!" as an exclamation.

This past summer Stanley's #1 hit was a CRATE of organic strawberries for ONE DOLLAR (I hate to use excessive caps but GEEZ).
I made two fresh strawberry pies, an absurd amount of smoothies, strawberry lemonade, and ate them straight up until I burst.
After all that, I still had some leftover, so I froze them for later use.

My dreams now include riding in Stanley's watermelon craft, inhaling the sweet aromas from his corn cob pipe.the homemade chips are expensive, but oh so good.I want to give four stars, but I just can't.
It's really hit or miss at Stanley's.
It's nice that it's within walking distance of my apartment; I just have to ensure that I don't load up too much so I won't have to whine the whole way home about how heavy the bags are.

Everything IS cheap.
They have a wide selection of produce, organic stuff, too.
You need to inspect everything, though.
Sometimes the whole stack of (insert produce item) can be bad.
So, bring your magnifying glasses when buying stuff here.
As other yelpers say, make sure you are going to use the produce promptly!Aw, come on, the parking is OK.
Large lot, and though it's usually full, the turnover is fast, so just loop around once and you can park.
Stanley's works best when you don't have a recipe in mind, and just come in to browse and pick up what looks fresh.
Most of the produce is quality, but occasionally you'll be like, "Oh, SWEET, ten plums for a dollar!" and then find out that you have roughly 13 hours until they wither and sprout a toxic-looking white mold.

Definitely one of the cheapest places in the city for fruits and vegetables, and why has no one mentioned the piped-in '80s music that's always playing?
Where else can you squeeze eggplants while singing along to ABC's "(Shoot That) Poison Arrow"?Makes it easy to eat GREEN

UPDATE: 2/2008 - Retracting the lettuce improvement update.
Inconsistent.

You like-a da fruit?
Well, don't do an Italian accent here because the guy who owns the place is Greek.

WHAT THEY HAVE - Fresh veggies, fruits and herbs (organic and not), plus pastas, cheeses, breads, dairy, eggs, olive oil, olives, nuts.
No meat.

WHATS GOOD - Basics like broccoli, mushrooms, zuchini, eggplant, red & green peppers, cruciferous stuff, salad (like baby spinach, mesclum, arugula, etc.), herbs (when available).
Belgian endive (which is SUPER expensive everywhere else) is very reasonable.
Try the funky greens like Swiss chard or rapini (treat like spinach or broccoli, respectively).

WHATS HIT OR MISS - You have to go on a weekly basis.
I give the place 4 stars only because sometimes you find stuff that is not in season, and shouldn't be there.
Or it is in season, and it is SPECTACULAR (huges heads of frise, escarole; incredible plums, peaches, cherries melons, etc.).
They are working on it, but romaine, greenleaf or redleaf lettuce is typically hit or miss (mostly miss).

HOW'S THE OTHER STUFF - Bread - carb heaven.
Pasta - just fine.
Dairy - all good.
Nuts, olives, and olive oil - reasonable and tasty.

PRICES - EXCELLENT.
If you compare to J or D on the scale, they are always below.
Now expensive stuff like fennel is about the same, but how often do you eat fennel?

PARKING - Street or lot

CAVEATS - Fruits like grapes or cherries are available and good while in season, but off season, you have to try them (i.e. sample a grape, or take only 1 apple, plum, etc, and try at home).
Same with apples from Argentina, citrus from Ecuador, etc.
Remember, anything that comes off a boat came off the tree GREEN and was artificially ripened.
Stick with as much local stuff as you can.

If you like veggies like we like veggies, go here FIRST.
If you can't find it, it's probably not in season.Elston and North is a strange place for a supermarket, but a lot of people know where it is-man is that place jammed!
The prices are pretty sweet.
However, the floor tends to be sticky with some sort of supermarket sludge, and I noticed that the manager's ninos were shelling and eating peanuts right out of the display, and spitting the shells everywhere just like Huck Finn.
GROSS!!
The ickiness of that cannot be emphasized enough.
I guess you'd call this the Aldi of produce markets.
You can find some good deals, but some things are hurtin'.How am I just now discovering this place?!
It's like a fruit lovers paradise!
We went early in a Sunday and had no problem filling an entire basket full of fresh clementines, strawberries, pears, plums, apples, and corn.

The cost of all this deliciousness?! $15.
Yeah, you read that right.
Craaazzyy!They have a nice selection of fruit and veggies here.
The best thing about this place is how incredibly fresh and cheap it all is.
I bought blueberries, and what's crazy is that they were picked from my hometown in Holland.
I had to make it for my Key Lime Pie topping.
I also bought the key limes here as well.
They also had strawberries here - 3 packages for $2, otherwise they were $79 for a package.
Vine tomatoes were 10 cents each!
They even have a few additonal extra ethnic items and spices sold here.
The workers always seem to keep all the items stocked.
They do need more carts because it can get pretty busy in here.
They also have free parking.
I'm definitely coming here again for my fruits and veggies.
See this makes cooking worthwhile when it all adds up to become less expensive than going out to eat!Oh Stanley.
I've been in too many relationships like this one.
You're kind of dirty, and I don't want to spend too much time with you.
You're pretty cheap and your goods are damaged, but you do bring a little variety into my life, and you give me exactly what I come for.

I don't want to break it off, but I think I need a little space.Stanleys' rocks my world.

Why?
On my most recent visit, I spent $19 and got: - a GIANT bag of mixed greens - bag of baby carrots - 5 lb baking potatoes - 1 sweet potato - 3 parsnips - 1 bunch of celery - 1 bunch of flat leaf parsley - 2 zucchini - 1 eggplant - 1 package sun dried tomatoes - 1/2 pint of raspberries

Again, did I mention that I only spent $19?

Stanley's is very clean, the staff is nice, their selection is fresh and huge - largest selection of organics I've seen, in fact.

One tip: the organic produce is (understandably) more expensive, but it's also the first thing you encounter as you walk in.
If organics aren't a priority for you, go through the store and check everything out first - it'll save you some money.Until the Pete's by my house started selling organic produce again, I used to frequent Stanley's pretty often.
As everyone else has mentioned, their produce section is hard to beat and would be perfect were it not for said produce to start decomposing while you're in the checkout line.
That's a little extreme, and I believe they've done a better job of getting produce that has a longer shelf life.
Try the in house made chips.
Good Stuff.As others have said, they have some great prices on produce--probably the best I've seen in the city.
I've also found the quality to comprable to similar places....so if you want good produce for half the price of Jewel, then this is your place.

My only issue is the cost of their deli.
Maybe it was just in comparison to everything else, but it seemed kinda high (maybe a $1-2 more per lb than I'm used to paying for deli meats & cheeses at other major grocery stores).
So as much as I want to add it as a stop on my grocery store runs, its just not worth it if I can't get my deli stuff too.Well first of all, I'm well aware of what a Grinch/Scrooge/Christmas hating person I'm going to sound like right now but I can't help myself.
Flashback a few hours to Christmas Eve 2011 at 5 PM.
I'm a Jew at home alone finally getting the energy to go out and buy the necessary accoutrements to take to a friend's Christmas the next day.
It finally occurs to me; everything might not be open.
I call my beloved Stanley's to ask if they are - and lo and behold I'm told they'll be selling me produce until 7 PM!
I rush out the door (ok I mosey out the door at 6 PM) because I do NOT want to be the jerk there at 6:59 ruining everyone's lives.
I'm there by 6:15.
I get all my fruits and veggies, and run over to the meat counter to grab some pancetta (sue me, I like to eat my veggies with pork on Christian holidays).
I dodge the woman madly mopping and the guy wiping things and stand by the deli counter.
There's someone behind the counter doing...something, so I stand there patiently waiting.
It's a full minute.
Finally the woman mopping (who by the way has seen me and walked around me several times) finally says "we're closed".
I was confused and said "Oh no!
I'm so sorry, I thought you closed at 7 PM" to which she replied "yes, that's right".
I was confused, like maybe I had missed the mid December extra daylight savings time?
I said "It's only 6:20" and she replied "Right, we close at 7 so if we want to leave at 7 everything has to be clean by then, so we start now."
I stood there for a while.
It's Christmas, I get it, you want to get home to your families.
I used to work at a hotel; those are 24/7/365!
There's no closing early for holidays.
It sometimes sucks, but that's the way it is.
I argued for a minute, and said closing at 7 means that's when they stopping serving customers, but she disagreed once more and said they had to have everything cleaned up.
So I left.
No one on my way out asked me how everything was or if I found everything I wanted or I probably would have shared my crappy experience.

I'll be back.
It's Stanley's, and you can't beat their prices, but it's such a shame for a place to rest on its laurels or perhaps not provide top notch service because they know I have very few fabulous and cheap produce shopping options in the vicinity.

Signed,

ScroogeWow, i like it.
There are a lot of fruits and vegetables here for a good price.
Also, there are organic fruits and vegetables, too.

I like to get lots of produce here when I make stock or soup.
Also, its good if they have a sale on berries because you can buy lots and freeze them right away and then you have lots of berries in your freezer. great!

ok, you have to freeze them right away, or else they go bad soon. why? i don't know. they do, so do it. same with all produce from there. eat them up or freeze them or don't buy them if you can't do that. otherwise they spoil soon.

well, so in general it is a good place. except for the weird fluorescent lighting. go to the red peppers and then stare at them for a while and then your head will feel weird. it is the weirdest most unnaturally bright colour combination in the world, i think.5 granny apples + 1lb container of mixed greens + 1 package of cherry tomatoes + 1lb package of strawberries + 1/4 of a massive watermelon + 1 focaccia bread loaf (I'm addicted) = $12 and some change

Had I grabbed a bigger cart I am sure I would have gotten quite a bit more.

Not only am I IN LOVE with this store, but now I can't make any more excuses about not eating healthy cause it's too expensive :)My vote is strictly in terms of the produce, as the rest of what Stanley's has to offer (cheese, milk, bread) is all quality but all really expensive.

Where else can you get 10 avocados for a dollar?
It does go bad fairly quickly, but produce isn't really something you stock up on anyway.Been going here for a while now.
While the prices are great, sometimes the freshness is not there.
It's disappointing when I go specifically for an item or two, and the selections are either rotten or non-existent.

It was nice when they added the meat/cheese counter - apparently you can get deli sandwiches here - and the chip machine counter.
I once got 4 ounces of delicious feta for like $1-something.

The small selection of groceries is nice as well, but they stopped carrying the Amish eggs (for $2.79!) and replaced them with something organic and more expensive ($3.49 - might as well go to Dominick's).

One other gripe - they don't sell tortillas here!
For as many Mexican spices, Italian pastas, Greek candies they sell, you'd think that tortillas would be a cheap addition to the inventory.

I can usually find most vegetables here, but sometimes it is hit or miss.
The owner/managers are very nice, and the cashiers are quiet but efficient.Great prices on produce!
I just got sweet, delicious organic white nectarines there for 79 cents a pound!
Insane!
Thanks, Stanley's !
They also have a pretty good bread selection, stocked by lots of different vendors/bakeries, so you don't even need to make a stop at your specialty grocery store for bread if you're having a dinner party.Great Prices!
Just be sure to be careful what you buy.
Love the homemade fresh chips.
And the dairy section in the back too.Quality of the produce can vary, especially on such items as berries.
But that is made up for by the amazing prices overall.
This place has been around for a long time, I remember my dad used to come here when I was kid.
So we always had a lot of produce in the house which we didn't eat and got thrown out and we were reminded that children are starving in other parts of the world.

The selection is great - you can also find some rarer items.
They do have an assortment of organic fare.
They always have a truckload of an item or two in season on sale (eg strawberries, cantalopes, watermelon) which is priced ridiculously low.

Update: Today I got a box of strawberries for $4.98 - thats 12 brimming pints.
It was all tasty and ripe - I gave away what I could not use.I wont say much about Stanly's because it appears everyone in the city of Chicago has reviewed this place before me but there is a reason- it rocks.

First time in five years driving past this place and actually stopping by.
This may be due to the fact that I am trying to be all healthy and all and eat fruit, so when I passed by Stanley's for the 1,000,000th time I decided to give it a whirl.

The place is packed full of fruit, veggies, and all other cool food items like giant pickles, olives, and I don't know what else but they have it all.
The fruit here is so much more tastier and juicy than Dominick's or Jewel which has been my "fruit depot" up until know.
I tried to cut up an orange last night and almost ruined the couch because the juice was everywhere.
I was pissed about the couch and slightly aroused all at the same time.

They have parking, the woman who shop in there are phenomenal (what a meat market in a fruit stand), and the prices are awesome.
I left out with tons of stuff including olives which are expensive, special imported cheese, and a plethora of fruit and the bill was under $20.00.
At the Dominick's I go to that same smorgasbord would have cost at least $50.00 - $75.00

I have decided I will be a regular shopper of Stanley's every Sunday afternoon so contact me if you want to carpool.I like things old-fashioned and quirky.
Stanley's has both: old-fashioned prices and quirky interior murals.
Whenever I'm riding a bus past Stanley's I wince because of my fond memories for those days when 49 cents was all I had to pay for a pound of tomatoes.
Now, I wouldn't buy a pound of tomatoes from Stanley's unless I was planning on using them immediately because most of their produce is sold ripe.
Being ripe, it's at its peak and that you should eat it within a few days or it will spoil.
Now, that's not the case with everything they sell (I have brussell sprouts in my refrigerator that I bought last week that are still green), but it does seem to be a general rule.

Also, the non-fruit or non-produce section is very sparse, but also eccentric.
You can get kidney beans in a french language label, jalapeno hummus, and tea from intelligentsia.
It's like the thrift store of groceries where you have to pick over the racks to make sure you don't buy a shirt (plum) with stains (bruises).Want to buy a whole bunch of good produce without blowing all your drinking money?
Desperate for some local honey?
Have a hankering for Turkish Delight?
Want to see a guy make sweet potato chips right in front of you?

Stanley's is your place.

The organic section is small, but it's there, and had almost everything we were looking for.
We bought spinach in bulk and paid like 15 cents for a huge bag.
I couldn't believe how cheap this place is - and what we bought still hasn't spoiled in a week (though we take pretty good care of our produce at home).

My favorite part?
They've got local bread - with only four ingredients.
Did you hear me people?
FOUR.
That's how many ingredients bread SHOULD have.
Read the back of your sandwich bread when you get home, and then run out to Stanley's and buy some of the Ciabatta.
Four ingredients.
I could weep - but then, I'm a total loser for real bread.

It's well-lit, friendly, stocked to the rafters, and yes - there is a guy with a potato-chip making machine thing.
The sweet potato chips are to die for (and fried in peanut oil - well done!).

Oh, and the checkout lanes are lined with very strange, unrecognizable Russian (I'm guessing) candy.
What more could you want?

I'll definitely be spending my money here instead of at Whole Paycheck - beautiful product for a great price.
I'm a fan!Being new to the area, I thought it was impossible to find a great produce market similar to the ones on the far north side.
I've been driving far out west to pick up my fruits and veggies, thinking that it's the closest place around that wasn't a major grocer.

So one day I decided to search yelp for a fruit market and tadaaa.... there's one soooooo close by (a hop, skip and a jump away!)!
It's my favorite place to go now and it is definitely helping me out w/ my goal of cutting back on meat consumption.
True, some of the produce doesn't look like it would last long, but real penny pinchers know that the best way to take advantage of the prices there are to chop up the goods and freeze them for later use so that they last longer.
Then again, there are plenty of produce that are sold in excellent condition there.

I love how I can fill up my own bottle of olive oil.
I tried the basil olive oil last weekend and it's so flavorful!
I also love how there's such a huge selection of portobello mushrooms vs. the small prepackaged ones that are found in the other stores I've seen.
Caged eggs are so filled w/ crap these days that I can't eat them w/o having an upset stomach and I was sooooooo impressed that Stanley's only carried cageless eggs and for so much cheaper!
That's a big plus for me.

I'll be back again to stock up my kitchen!
I love you, Stanley!I hit up this place once a week for fruits and veggies.
I try to get what is in season to avoid things being too over or underripe.
I have noticed that the veggies can typically last over a week, compared to the fruit which can only last a few days.
Excited for the summer when they sell crates of berries!

2 completely full bags of food will only cost you $10-20 - def worth the trip and a few bad mangos.One 15-minute trip can turn an empty, stark fridge into a colorful space of opportunity.
You need not carry anymore than $20 when you come here....I've never spent more there, and I get a whole lot of fruits and veggies.
Yummmmm.

Tips: - either visit very early on the weekends or late afternoon; Sat & Sun mornings here are uber-crowded - the guys out in the store stocking are mean; don't go looking for help from them, just help yourself - they have a selection of dairy and canned goods and pasta - but they're pricey so try to only do your produce shopping here - consider our planet and bring your own bags

I love you, Stanley's!Screw Jewel!
Go to Stanley's instead.
I can buy three bags stuffed full with fruits and vegetables for about $20.
Awesome!

When you walk in, go to the left for organic, straight for the regular stuff, and right for breads/nuts.
There is something for everyone.
I like to take advantage of the herb-infused oils (back-middle), fresh packaged herbs (back left case), and the great daily specials (displayed out front in the summer.

This is all around a great deal.
The fruit actually has a distinctive flavor.
Imagine that!
I definitely prefer to shop here for cost, quality, and a great variety.
I have been introduced to so many different items like apple pears.
Yummy!

Stanley's gets 5 stars from me because on too rare an occasion they have MILK & HONEY GRANOLA.
It is the SH*T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Thank you, Mom, for telling us about this place.

The produce here is fantastic.
If you're into organic, half the store is dedicated to you.
And it's CHEAP.
Monstrous peppers and sweet potatoes for what seems like pennies.
Also the selection is ten times that of our Jewel.

I HIGHLY recommend the spinach.

One downside: don't get any breads there.
We got some focaccia that went bad the next day.I have never found a place like this in all the places I have lived.
Stanley's employees are always helpful and never seem to find my odd request odd.
I love going there on the Sunday afternoon, pick out all the fruit and veggies I need for the upcoming week and going home to freeze and dehydrate everything.
Everyone should make the time to visit this wonderful store!This is a great place to get tons of fresh produce at low prices.
I rarely buy produce from Jewel or even Whole Foods anymore.
Even if Stanley's isn't always the freshest, i find it odd when every single pepper at jewel is the exact same shape and looks like it's coated in wax.In my opinion, the Corie Z review reveals more about a shopper with issues than the experience at Stanley's.

Is the produce always the freshest and priced best?
No.
Is it most of the time?
Yes.

Is it often crowded?
Yes.
Yet I go there quite a bit and the people seem quite civil even when it is crowded.
And I've never had a problem with long lines.

My recommendation is to check Stanley's out.

Also, for Corie Z's sake, if you don't like a place, its products and the clientele it attracts, it might be wise to stop going there!Tons of greens at great prices, but be warned like others have said, they spoil quickly.
"Duh, they're vegetables" you may say, but nay my friends, they spoil at surprising speeds.

Come in the morning on a weekday and you're golden.
Buy enough for 4 days max.
For serious.Dear Stanley's,

The honey moon is over.
At first I was attracted to your isles and isles of produce and awed by your very VERY cheap prices, but I have seen the truth and am a fool no more.

Your prices are cheap because you ARE cheap and I now understand I only get what i pay for.
Your fruits and veggies are just SO INCONSISTENT.
I never know if it's going to be good or bad.
And when you're bad, you're oh so bad.

Your prices can never make up for the disappointment from a mealy apple or a flavorless orange.

We can still be friends, but this love affair is over.I'm a big fan.
When comparing Stanley's produce prices AND quality to Jewel and Dominick's, Stanley's comes out on top perhaps 80% of the time.
The other 20% of the time Stanley's is getting beat by price, but not by much.
Also, check out the corner of the store that has spices and sauces.
The spices, in particular, are extensive, and priced really well.Stanley's?
Where have you been throughout my stay here?
I used to bitch about the exorbitant prices of fruits and vegetables in this city until I came across this little gem.
Dude, 5 kiwis for a frickin' dollar.
Blood oranges for less than $2 a pound.
I'm sold.

The selection is awesome.
There's a wide range of greens, fruits, root vegetables, herbs...you name it.
A lot of them are also organic, which is a definite plus.
The only gripe I have is that I really do get what I pay for.
Some produce seems too good to be true - which it is.
After the first day, I can find some of the stuff rotting away.
But I can't complain really.
The price more than makes up for it.I was in the area, last week, and decided to stop by Stanley's.
I was a huge fan of this store from 06 - 07.
So, a bit of nostalgia also sparked my visit.
The place is not like I remember.
A bulk of the produce was overly ripe and as a result I only bought a few bananas.

Maybe my visit was on a bad day.
Anyhow, I will not be returning for awhile.SO GOOD!
I get on these Stanley's kicks, where I go a lot and then...eh, not so much....
Suffice it to say, I'm on a Stanley's binge now.
Recently decided to play Iron Chef, with myself, on a Sunday; Zuchinni was my ingredient.
I got at least 6 good size zuchs for my three recipes (and had WAY too much left over) but this was some of the freshest, tastiest zuchinni I have EV-ER had!
Also got a boat load of other fresh fruits and veggies and all of it was under $25!
Are you freaking kidding me??
Sah-wheat!!

I have to say the great find of the day was the Chip Guy in the back of Stanley's (by the deli counter).
Holy Sweet Potates!
These are good chips!
The sweet potato chips rock!
They are perfectly seasoned and delicious and I think I have to get some more now...

Yep, review done.
Stanleys - thumbs up!
Jiminy's Chips - thumbs way up!Stanley's is good for one thing: if you're using the vegetables RIGHT AWAY, and you're going at an off-peak time.
It's located in a very congested spot (North Ave/Elston intersection), and parking kind of sucks (I waited for a spot, but when I got in the store wasn't that full?
Wtf?).
Anyway, I stocked up on some things for an african groundnut stew (heh, I said nut stew) I was planning on making, but didn't make for a few days.
By the time I did, the eggplant I purchased here was soft, and the poblano was starting to get wrinkly.

Prices are great, but it's only really worth it if you don't have to throw your veggies out after a couple of days. =/Let's face it: For the average Chicago 20-something the exhorbitant price of produce alone is enough to turn many of us off of it.
But wait!
Stanley's has come to your rescue and saved you from having to stoop to a ramen-only diet!

Where else can you get 10 kiwis for $1, 10 red peppers for $0.69, zucchini and yellow squash practically free, 2 honeydew melons for $1, 1 quart of organic strawberries for $0.25, 1 pint of organic raspberries for $0.50 or a pound of organic grapes for $1?
One of my personal faves are the spring greens and baby spinach that are $3 per POUND which is a whole lot when you're talking about how little those things actually weigh.
I might also mention they sell good quality olive oil infused with herbs on the cheap and you can even bring in your own bottles to re-use.
There's no other way around it: Stanley's is the cat's pajamas!

Seriously: Stanley's makes it financially plausible for me to eat healthfully and that is a wonderful thing.
This place is wonderful and it's the closest I'll ever come to fresh veggies now that I live in the city and my backyard is 5x5.
If you're anything like me you'll get too excited that everything is so cheap and actually buy the 10lbs of squash and 4 quarts of strawberries and expect that you can eat it all before it spoils which prob. won't happen.
The good news is that you're only out like $0.17 so everyone wins!I love this place.
And after my boyfriend was convinced that cheap fruits and vegetables are not part of liberal agenda he likes it too :)

Basil is amazing and is only a dollar that usually costs 3 or 4 at jewel and a lot better quality.
Sometimes fruits or veggies are kinda old and rot within a day or so.
So you have to be careful. .On occassion they have pineapple without any husks and it's taken off in front of you outside.
MMMM tons of pineapple.

And sometimes they have very crazy prices like 5 dollar for a CASE of strawberries.
Spring greens are really reasonable and way less expensive.
And you can pick through it and make sure that it's not nasty and rotten. yey

There are organic produce and also the non organic.
Both cheaper then whole foods or jewel or dominick's.
I'm so glad I found this place.
There is also guacamole, bread and chocolate covered .... everything.Every time I go to Stanley's, I leave feeling like I've just won big-time.
Anytime one can make a week's worth of meals for under 25 dollars is just...beautiful, especially when it's nearly 100% organic.
I've been coming here for years and even though it's a bit of a hike from home now, when I'm in the city proper and needing to vege-tize my fridge organic style I don't hesitate to pop in.
As long as Stanley's keeps delivering the goods for ultra low prices, I will continue being one of their biggest fans.Stanley's is awesome!
Dream come true for a college student on a budget that eats a plant and pasta based diet.
Stanley's is mostly produce with a large selection of organic and conventional with AWESOME prices.
Sometimes organic is the same price as conventional!
They also have a section of pastas, breads, rice, tomato sauces/salsas, etc.
They also carry dairy products and have a deli as well.
I love this place because its small they don't sell any processed junk that would be tempting to buy!
I would give 5 stars but the only downside is that their stock of things is always changing, sometimes they have their awesome guacamole available and sometimes they don't.
I suggest shopping there often to take full advantage of their changing deals and sales.
For those who take the CTA: bus 72 stops at Elston right in front of Stanley's making it super convenient.Stanley's is great!
Excellent selection of produce, and super, super cheap.
You can easily walk out with a week's worth of food for under $30.

I'm also a fan of the olive oil they have on tap, the bread selection, and the chips they make in-house.

The only downside is, they may not always have a fresh stock of a particular item you're looking for (sometimes it's impossible to get a good green pepper there), but usually everything is fresh and good.
Very cheap organic section as well.

The only thing that can beat Stanley's is a farmers market.I don't know what I would do without Stanley's.
I usually buy my produce with plans to cook it the same or next day so Stanley's is always a perfect place to get it cheap.
I've always been a huge fan of the Today's Temptations bread they carry and now that they have a deli it's even better.
I've saved so much money over the years shopping here and the only thing that gets annoying is how popular they have become in the past few years...but good for them!

It's hard to think of another store where I can get a bunch of young coconuts, everything I need for salads, peppers and mushrooms,organic broccoli, onions and snap peas for stir fry, ham, cheese and bread, cream and cottage cheese, raspberries and a bunch of other fruits, plus all the fresh herbs I need, like mint and thyme and walk away spending only around $25.00.
It really gets kind of crazy in there on the weekends...just a warning!Update-

Stanley's has recently replaced half of their organic-veggie section with a meat deli.
Ugh.
(Doesn't the sign say "Fruits and Vegetables??") They were already losing on organic selection to Whole Foods.
Now it's worse.
I'll probably skip the extra stop to Stanley's now and just get all my stuff at WF, and deal with the doubled prices, but at least get much-longer-lasting veggies.Great cheap produce.
The selection is based on what is in season, which means you always get high quality cheap fruits and vegetables; no flavorless $10 a pound strawberries in January, but I have seen them as cheap as 50 cents a pound in the summer.
Lots of organic produce too.
Also, they seem to have the best selection of Today's Temptations breads I have found anywhere.
Deli seems very nice but a bit out of my price range (I am VERY cheap) but overall a great store.
I get upset if I can't get there once a week.
It is even worth braving North ave traffic.I've been getting my produce at Stanley's for the past two years.
I love it here.
The prices are very reasonable, which makes it easy on my bank account to make multiple visits per week.
Sometimes the apples and pears aren't always the freshest, but they do a good job making sure those aren't on the shelves for very long.
In addition to their great selection of fruits and vegetables, they sell fresh sun-dried tomatoes and herbs.
Perfect!Stanleys is wonderful for the selection and prices, but the quality leaves much to be desired!

If you are a person who can shop right before preparing a meal (say, everyday) then get to Stanleys every day for the best prices in the city on your produce (including the prices on organic).

However, if you do not have the time to shop daily for the produce, stay away from Stanleys.
Your purchase will not last more than a day.

Stanleys offers low-quality produce at low, low prices.
It's how it fits your lifestyle whether you will like this place or not.

Also, if you are going to go here, go on the off times because parking is a nightmare.I would never thought I would say this, but the selection and prices at Stanley's has made me sexually aroused by produce.

Yeah, that's right.I understand this place to be some sort of Holy Grail as far as cheap produce....So I tried it a few times and each time I really went in wanting to see what others see....I never did.

Cheap it is...inexpensive would be used if I actually felt like I was getting a value for my money here but sadly I never do...I think the place only does well due to the absence of other options in the area.

The place is too crowed & the people that shop here mostly suck.
(I saw a few exceptions)

Produce really sucks (i.e. bruised, rots out too quick when it gets home, FULL of fruit flies)

They ran out of chances with me...I won't be back unless I am really desperately low on funds for my fruits and veggies...but really why would I when it takes the same amount of time and effort to get to Jerry's where everything is so much better?

I'll give it the extra star for being a place to even get cheeap fruit and veggies in the area...but really for as strong as I feel about the place after my visits, I'm being generous....Stanley's is the man!
He has all the fruits and veggies you'd want for the best price in the city.
I buy my weekly fruits for about $9.00.
They also have a great selection of nuts and dried fruits, and bread.
I love love their foccacia bread ( although i did get a moldy one once, you have to look at them ) In the middle of the store- they have a big vat of olive oil that you can bottle yourself!
Another cool thing is stanley's logo- the logo is of stanley himself, smoking a cigar...while riding a watermelon, which is flying!
Hands down the best logo in the world.Oh, Stanley, you woo me so.
My boyfriend didn't know what he got himself into when he introduced the two of us.
Now I can barely wait for our weekend rendezvous.
And better yet, you've turned out to be such a cheap date!

Your counterparts - that Dominick or even Strack & Van Til - don't compare to the value you offer me.
Sometimes I wish your fan base wasn't as large then maybe I could spend as much time with you as possible without feeling the pressure to rush things.
However, I will take what I can get and reminisce our time together whenever I snack on your delightful fresh goodies throughout the week.
I must praise your workers - so efficient!
I barely notice the wait when I'm with you.
What a huge perk since your competitors seem to have gotten too big for their britches - with a price tag too large to boot!

Til we meet again (most likely on Sunday).I am OBSESSED with Stanley's!
First of all it is dirt cheap...my favorite apples are always 89 c/lb and even the organic stuff is extremely reasonable.
Also they have a great selection of Chobani Greek yogurt which is the best.
The wait is never long, staff is helpful (last time one of the workers helped me in picking out the perfectly ripe cantaloupe), parking has never been an issue, and did I mention the PRICE????
Seriously, if it wasn't for Stanley's I'd be broke because I basically live on produce and everywhere else charges an arm and a leg for the stuff.
I love you, Stanley!Lets get this straight i am the self proclaimed king of produce.
Here is the quality rankings for downtown chicago spots iregardless of the price:

1.Wholefoods 2.
Stanleys 3.
Dominicks 4.Famers market 5.Jewell

Dont blame me if you live past lincoln park cause i am sure you have way better produce.
But for this side of town for the price its the best we can get.
Unless you can afford to pay 5 dollars for one peach at wholefoods, this is your spot for good cucs, herbs, apples what els one needs in life??I am so glad I found Stanley's!
The first time I shopped I had to ask another shopper if I was reading the signs correctly - "Garlic cloves 10/$1.00!?!"
The produce is good, but some things you need to use very quickly, particularly berries.
I've had other things last quite some time - I guess it's the luck of the draw.

They also have nice fresh-baked breads, spices, a small dried fruit/nut selection, a dairy cooler with a selection of ethnic foods like tabbouli and hummus, and a deli.
They also have a guy that makes fresh sea salt and sweet potato chips right there and gives out samples!
They are so yummy, but expensive ($4 per bag).

The employees could certainly be more friendly, but when I'm getting such a great deal I don't much mind not being smiled at.Good fresh fruits and veges store.
All items are very decently priced and they also carry breads, salads, dressings, condiments, meats and coffee.
I got three huge bags of products for $30.Enjoyed shopping for fruits and vegs here.
So cheep, so many varieties of everything!The same produce you'll find at Jewel or Dominick's, for a quarter of the price.
Plus huge jugs of olive oil you can bottle yourself, a standard dairy section, and a smattering of other food items (tinned tomatoes, cookies, dried pasta).
Keep your eye on the sales--10-cent limes, lemons, and heads of garlic can't be beat, but apples for $2 a pound work out to a buck each, yikes.
Much of the produce is already ripe, edging toward overripe: remember to squeeze your tomatoes in the store so you don't bitch about them being bruised once they get home (man, that could be my motto for so many areas of life).

The quality can't compete with farmers' markets--you'll still be munching on the same waxy, mealy fruits you find in other grocery stores--but the prices are much easier to swallow.
Viva Stanley's!I stopped in Stanley's on a whim while running errands.
It made me want to raise a fist up in the air and wail "WHY HAVE I BEEN WASTING HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS ON PRODUCE AT JEWEL FOR THE PAST YEAR, WHY?
Why why why why?"
I should have listened to you, Yelp!If you like organic food but don't have the budget for it, you might want to check Stanley's out.
The store is actually split in half between organic and regular produce.
The organic products that they have aside from fruits and vegetables (like milk, for example) are a little more expensive than I've found them elsewhere.

Stanley's is kind of hit-or-miss.
I waited for them to have bell peppers for months, and was glad to find them last time I went.
Two downsides should be noted:

1.
The food doesn't last long.
I got the best looking carton of strawberries I could get the last time I went, and they went bad within three days or so.
To their glory, though, those were honestly the best strawberries I've ever had in my life.
They were so juicy and full of flavor. 2.
I've found better tasting fruit at Trader Joe's.
They have a large apple section, but Trader Joe's taste better and are comparable, if not a little cheaper, in regard to quantity.
Like I said, very hit-or-miss!

Either way, I would recommend checking it out if you're by North Ave. and are always looking for ways to eat healthy and save money on groceries.The prices are definitely cheaper and the produce is better quality.
They have the chips that are made in store and the deli is great.
Coffee is good too.
Really this place is great.
The produce goes bad a little faster than other stores, I don't know if that's cuz they get older product or because it has less chemicals... either way i'll be going back.Stanley's is great when you need fresh fruits and veggies.
Great selection of seasonal produce and cheap prices.

The only thing I've noticed about this place is that the produce must be used within a day or two of buying it, otherwise it tends to go bad.
It is kind of like being forced to buy/eat fresh produce regularly, though, so certainly not the worst thing.Great prices for organic produce.
The freshens is not too consistent but most of the time I find the produce here very good.
I would like to see more organic vegetables and fruit.The produce is phenomenal.
The prices are incredibly low.
Friendly staff and convenient location.
Other various items (salsa, cottage cheese, chips, etc) are also quite delicious.

I'm excited about eating more of what Stanley's is offering.
Thanks buddy!
See you soon!They have great prices and very good quality.
My only thing I have issue with is I wish they had a larger selection.
This is my go to place for produce in the city.Stanleys is my favorite produce market in the city.
I am amazed everytime I bring a cart full of produce up to the checkout and see a bill a third of the price of any other grocery store.
Be aware some of the fruits and veggies don't last very long, but search for the good stuff and you will be happy.The neon signs in the windows are somewhat off-putting, but I stopped in one day & have been a believer ever since.
From the way I hear shoppers talking, it does seem to inspire an almost cult-like following.
Primarily, Stanley's offers a great variety of fruit & veggies (organic & non) for incredibly reasonable prices.
The "specials" they have outside on certain days are great - freshly squeezed orange juice & delicious pineapples cored right in front of you!
I also like the miscellaneous items they carry - tea, coffee, bread, nuts, etc.
I subtracted one star b/c of the small parking lot (well, it's not that small but it's always bustling & sometimes difficult to get a spot).
But it's so well worth it!The prices at Stanley's are great, and so is the selection.
Literally just a store full of fruits and veggies.
They have a self-serve olive oil section, and the herbs are super cheap!
I mean 0.98 for a ton of fresh oregano?
That's like $5 at Dominick's (yeah, read my review of *those people*)...

I'm much happier shopping here than any "grocery" store.Stanley's is one of the great Chicago hide-a-ways.
I live close by but I see people biking, motor peding, walking, driving, and even cabing it there.
The parking lot is jammed during mid day hours.
I've loaded up for huge dinners, weeks long camping trips, and more and never managed to get over $50 unless I was indulging in cheeses too.
Their Chipotle cheddar cheese is really just fantastic.

The produce is admittedly not always the best in the world but I'd rather pay $2 a pound for week red peppers than $2 A pepper at Whole Foods.
Although it's not always the best it is still hit more than miss; I am giving them four stars after all.
I never leave disappointed by the time I consider all my purchases and my bill.
In addition the staff is very friendly.
I have yet, in my 100 trips, failed to receive a friendly smile at the checkout.
I shop there nearly 3 to 5 times a week for fresh produce for evening meals, Sunday breakfasts, or when I just want an apple on the way to class.

Prost, Cheers, Salud, Bon Appetit, and all those great wishes!Shopping at Stanley's today made me feel better about myself after blowing 85 bucks on 2 bags of groceries at Whole Foods.

Lots of variety, fresh fruit.
They even make sweet potato chips right in front of you!

Stanley himself happily greeted us at the door and offered us a cart.
Great place!I spent $9 and change and got three bags of vegetables and fruits- bananas, apples, oranges, grapefruit, onions, lettuce, peppers, eggplant, a tomato, a cucumber, broccoli, a zucchini, and I'm probably forgetting something.
Oh yes, fresh raspberries for $1.50.
Some of the stuff was even organic!
Inconveniently located but so worth the trip.
Cheap, amazing variety, lots of organic goodies plus a small selection of greek/italian groceries and dairy.

I even found BLACK VELVET apricots here one time.
That's like a hybrid of a plum and an apricot- amazing.

They play a soundtrack of 80's new wave, which is awesome.

My only disclaimer is that I find avocados/mangoes and such are better at the Latin produce markets, Armitage produce in particular.
But Stanleys earns every single star otherwise.If you live anywhere in a 2 mile radius you should be getting your fruit here.

Stuff is really cheap and is usually fresh.
Sure, there is always the chance of getting bad fruit, but as Jerry Seinfeld said "I don't return fruit.
Fruit is a gamble.
I know that going in".Don't sleep! this place is the joint. cheap fruits, cute atmos, my mom remembers it when it was a little ramshackle stand on the corner. support your local businesses and visit. you won't regret it.The best word to describe Stanley's produce is inconsistent.

Some days, the produce is fresh, looks healthy and tastes great.
The next day, you see bugs, large dark spots and wilted leaves.
I normally shop here about once a week, but I no longer "force" myself to buy something.
I usually stop here first, get what I think is acceptable and then head over to Whole Foods for the rest.

Why stop here if its inconsistent?
Because its cheap as hell!
You can almost always get a dinner's worth of fruits/veggies for under $5-$7.Sheesh.
I came home with $50 of produce, nearly all of it mediocre.
Maybe it was an off day, or maybe I chose the wrong stuff, At any rate, I was totally psyched by the low prices but now wish I'd bought less at higher prices elsewhere.
Limp asparagus, hard AND rotten avocados, mealy pears, tasteless raspberries.
The cucumbers and the cherry tomatoes were good.
On the balance, I won't go back, despite the low prices.You won't like this place.
It has better fruits and vegies at cheaper prices than grocery chains.
But you like Whole Foods better.
Spending more on the same food is a status symbol, after all.
Besides, I don't want you taking my parking spot.F'ing awesome!!!

I've even biked here a few times when I've been craving fresh fruits and veggies.
I wish I could make weekly trips.
The quality and selection is great and prices are unbelievable.Since I've gotten a car, I've made it a habit to go to Stanley's once a week to stock up on those veggies that I really can get anywhere else, but I choose to go here.
The reason - prices are much cheaper, the selection is abundant, and the produce is very fresh.
I know it's not the best comparison, but red peppers that you can get for $1.49 per pound here are $4 per pound at Whole Foods.
Again, not the best comparison, but a comparison nonetheless.
As well with a car, it's pretty easy to get in and out when driving eastbound on North Ave early on a Sunday morning.First of all as far as their meat department and their breads go, I would give them 5 stars.
They opened a deli section before the summer and the meats they sell there are wonderful.
I also love their breads.
They have a delicious multi grain bread there that is low in carbs and calories and advertised as good for diabetics and I buy it all the time.

As far as produce goes, there is very little that I would buy there unless I were intending to use it that day.
I have learned the hard way not to buy any fruit there ever.
I'll buy onions and peppers and some herbs and possibly some winter vegetables.
That's it.
I have thrown out too much produce before learning my lesson.
Things wilt and spoil the next day.
A little watermelon goes bad in two days.
Strawberries develop mold in one day.
Maybe it's just me.
I find I'm better off buying produce at Dominicks.
To be far, I have not just run into this problem at Stanleys, I usually throw out produce I buy at any fruit and vegetable market with the exception of Jerry's!

Just downgraded to one star because I bought cherries that were bad withing hours!A pineapple, five peaches, and a mango for $2.94.
I can get two mango's in Indiana for that price.
Stanley is my man.Don't put up with the typical crappy ass selection and outrageous prices on wilted produce from Dominick's!
Stanley's easily beats them out any day of the week.
The turn over of stock is tremendous so you'll always get fresh produce at an extremely reasonable price.
Example: red bell peppers - Dominick's $1.09/lb, Stanley's $0.59/lb.
You can pick from mountains of produce and the variety is excellent as well!
I went to Dom's a couple of days ago and had to choose from a pathetic bundle of 20 zucchinis - @_@ No way I'm straying from Stanley's ever again.
This place right off the highway and has their own parking lot so it's convenient as well.I hate buying produce at the Jewels and Dominicks of the world because they are so expensive and I always wonder where the food came from.
So I have been looking for a place to buy produce in the city and have finally found it.
Most stores like this will make you feel like you are entering a dirty store because of all the fresh food, but Stanley's does a great job of maintaining a clean environment.

The cost of the produce is a fraction of what you would pay at the "normal" grocery stores and their selection is great.
They even have really fresh spices and a nice organic section in the store.

I went on a Monday afternoon and it was pretty busy, so I can only imagine what the weekend is like (and I will always avoid it).Wonderful place for fresh produce ~ affordable and well stocked with basics and more unique produce you wont find elsewhere.If you need veggies or fruit go here.
It's cheap and darn good.
They always have wonderful deals, just make sure you inspect things before you buy it.
I'm happy we have a place so close where we can get healthy food at a great price.
You can fill up a cart and not spend a fortune - just make sure you eat it soon.
Which for the price, to me, is no big deal.It was the high price of Dominicks produce that pushed me to do a search on cheap produce in the city.
After a few minutes on Yelp I found Stanley's and Cermak Produce with a few great reviews.
I've tried both but regularly visit Stanley's because it is a little closer to where I live and they have a greater selection.

The reason for the three stars?
I've been noticing lately that if you don't eat your buys within a few days they'll rot or wilt more quickly than if I buy such things as Raspberries or Salad Mix from Jewel or the D.

There are other pluses such as the deli which seems to have a great selection.

All in all, I will remain a dedicated shopper of Stanley's but I will definitely be spending more time inspecting my fruits and veggies for ripeness.

Also, don't go on the weekend as a first timer.
If you do, don't get a cart.
Use a re-usable bag or basket.
I've actually seen a yelling match between two Lincoln Park yuppies because of inept cart pushing/parking abilities.
At first it was hysterical and then it turned ugly.First of all, this place has a parking lot.
Places with parking lots RULE!

Secondly...

This place rocks.
They have things you can't find at chain supermarkets, and their stuff is always fresh.

Fresh...and priced reasonably.
What more of a reason do you need to go here? :)I looooove this place!
So many fruits and veggies!
I will never buy produce from anywhere else again, they have everything and it's all so cheap!Stanley's is one of SEVERAL fruit market options in the city and near suburbs.
It's often very crowded, and the parking lot is a death trap on a Saturday afternoon!
Please don't think this is your only option.

Good prices, good produce (definitely a step above any chain grocery) - but since I can't shop during the day Mon-Fri, I'll leave the lines behind thank you very much.Not much too add.
Absolutely ridiculous prices, good selection, decent quality/freshness.
LOVE the Jiminy Chips stand, and random, but they have really great prepared pico de gallo.
I will continue to go here even though the parking situation causes me severe anxiety and I get claustrophobic there on the weekends. *shrug* It's worth it.Huge array of fresh fruits and vegetables at crazy low prices....not much more you can say, I'm a fan!Stanley's is one of the best kept secrets in Chicago.
The fruit and veggies are so dirt cheap here, very refreshing to have better prices than back home here in this expensive city.
They also carry my favorite hummus and pita bread as well.
Sometimes you do have to watch the ripeness of what you buy, but personally, I life being not having to wait to enjoy.
They have spetacular prices & grreat selection here in Chicago.
Don't need to ask or complain about anything else!8 lbs of strawberries for 1 dollar?
Yes please!
Stanley's has excellent lead ins that are practically free.
The rest of the produce in the store is reasonably priced.
As other posters say, the produce has a limited shelf life of 2-5 days depending on the item.
If you're looking for great deals on fruit that will be stored briefly, this is the place to go.
Also, they carry good french bread and foccacia.I love this place!
I was so excited when I found it, that I raved about it to my roommate who looked at me like I was crazy.
However, after 1 visit, she was even more excited than I was.

After reading some of the other reviews, I was a little nervous about my produce having a shorter shelf-life and put off reviewing until I had been a regular repeat customer.
Stanley's is now part of my weekly or bi-weekly grocery run.
The little bit of extra gas to get here is far outweighed by how much money I save.
It's all produce and the prices are amazing.
The last time I went, I got cartons of raspberries for $0.69 each!
And they lasted 2 weeks!
I buy all of my produce here and can finally afford to buy organic when I want to! (Sometimes organic fruit here is cheaper than regular fruit at Jewel...awesome) I rarely spend more than $10.
(last week I spent $6.47 on everything)

Now, nobody is perfect and Stanley is no exception.
When buying produce here, I rarely come with a list, but do have my staples in mind.
This is a place where you buy what looks good and what is in season--how you should shop anyway.
If something doesn't look good that week, I don't get it and look again next week.

I will continue to be a repeat customer at this year-round, open late, farmers market kind of place.A recent stop at Stanley's netted 4 mangoes for $1, while down the street at Dominick's, they were 10 for $10.
Stanley's is by far the cheapest place for produce near the loop.
Caution: your first visit will be one of many; it's hard to pay 3x as much somewhere else.What a great find!
I just moved here from the bay area, where you can find a wide variety of produce at decent prices year round.
After that luxury, it's been really hard going to Trader Joe's or Jewel week after week, paying wayyy too much money, and still only going home with a bag of apples and some pears.

But after consulting Yelp, I tried Stanley's last night.
I walked in and my jaw dropped.
So much produce, and rock-bottom prices.
They even had "exotic" fruit, and a few things I've never even heard of.

After reading the other Yelp reviews, I was fully prepared to comb through bins of overripe produce and just grab enough for dinner that night.
But with the exception of the tomatoes and tomatilloes, most of the produce was just fine.
Who knows, maybe they'd just gotten their shipment in, or maybe Stanley's has gotten better since those other reviews were posted?
Regardless, I left there with 4 bags of produce that should last me the week, for a fraction of what I would have paid elsewhere.

And the best part?
Olive and Deli Pickle bar!

Definitely going back.Stanley's only gets better over time.
They have organic produce that is frequently about the same price as non-organic produce elsewhere.
A lot of the produce needs to be consumed quickly, but that is fine with me.
I don't like to watch tomatoes go from green to red.I love Stanley's.
I miss Stanley's.

I used to live closer and would go weekly for fruit/vegetables/seasonal items, etc.
Now I live farther away and don't get there nearly often enough.

Go to this place for a wide selection of cheap produce - support Stanley, not another grocery store chain!
Produce typically has a much higher turnover rate at smaller produce-only places than grocery stores b/c they're getting fresher things from smaller companies/farmers.
Not saying I haven't seen questionable things here before in terms of rough looking goods and things shipped from who knows where... however, generally, Stanley's is almost always a sure bet to get lots of good cheap stuff.

Warning: Do not be surprised if you cannot find a spare cart to shop (or maneuver inside the packed-like-a-sardine-can-store) on extremely busy weekends.
Go on weekday nights to avoid the madhouse and have a more peaceful experience...This place is amazing.
They receive their fruits and vegetables from LOCAL farms, which is great.
Their prices are cheap, particularly if you are picky about where your food comes from.

Some of the other reviewers are saying that not everything sold at Stanley's is organic, and that is true.
However, many small local farmers can't afford to certify their farm as "organic" but use the same techniques to grow the food (without chemicals).
Stanley's sells a lot of the produce that's grown this way, and I could not be a happier customer.I used to shop here all the time.
Maybe it was that I was in my early twenties and rotten produce didn't bother me as much, but I just can't do it anymore.
Stanley's has some good deals, for sure, but you'd better eat whatever you by within three days, since there's nothing cheap about having to throw away gross fruits and veggies!

I still stop in from time to time, but I've basically ditched Stanley's for HarvesTime in Lincoln Square, which I find to be MUCH better.
I will give this place props for being at the vanguard of the logo reusable grocery bag trend, however.By far and away, the best prices and some of the best produce in Chicago.
Hands down.
If you are looking for fruits and vegetables, this is worth the trip, despite where in the metro area you live.
I usually don't buy the organics (I know, I know), but they can be a little spottier in quality than the non-organics, but that is because they're not covered in chemicals like the stuff I usually buy.

If you go before 6 AM (which is when I have to be at work), you can just pay cash, and they're trustworthy enough that I've been in there and the guy before me counted out his produce and put more than enough $ down and left, since he too, I'm sure, had a crazy work schedule as do I!Stanley's is to produce as Nordstrom Racks is to shoes. um..
I think that works.. uh, yeah.. is it that obvious that the SATs rocked me?
Anyways, you're not always going to find exactly what you're looking for, but whatever you do end up finding is usually DIRT CHEAP.
For example, their guac is priced at $3.99.
Freshly made and comes in the same size container that Whole Food sells theirs in..
EXCEPT, Whole Foods sells theirs for $9+ AND Stanley's tastes much better.
Get my drift?

ALSO..
Where else can you get a bunch of pretty pink and white daisies for only $3.00?!!A big 4 stars for Mr. Stanley.
A small but gloriously stocked little produce and vegetable mart that's easy to access right off the 90/94 (North ave exit).
There are bigger places, but there's something about Stanley's that keeps bringing me back.
It's clean and rarely packed (except on Sundays).

I am a cheap individual, but I love food.
At the grocery store, I struggle to maintain a budget.
At Stanleys....I just let myself go, and still I've never spent more than $15.
There's always something good on sale, and the food keeps longer than you might suspect.
I'm a wings and beer kind of guy, but somehow someway Stanley's has become the place I do 80% of my grocery shopping.
Stanleys: who knew eating healthy could be so cheap?This place is simply incredible, and I am glad it is on one of the routes back home from work.

Went there with a roommate once and we ended up with two full bags for under $20.
All of it was rather great for making smoothies, juices, and various meals.
Quite the selection and never leave without something to cut up, slice, or bake for a later time.
It is useful to buy what you can eat, however, as in my excitement I have often bought more than I could possibly consume or have friends consume and ended up feeling guilty for having to throw away such a great find.As food prices climb, Stanley's is only gonna get more and more popular.
You gotta go there open-minded and just get the produce that looks best on a given day.

As for the "crowds"--those checkout girls keep it movin'!
You don't go here, sipping your latte as you peruse... like, this ain't no farmer's market.
You go here for the deals, and there are many.You've got to try the fresh Regent apples!
I discovered them 2 weeks ago at a farmers market in Michigan.
I can't believe I found them at Stanley's!
They are crisp and juicy and remind me of a sunny fall afternoon.1. being able to walk out of here with quality produce for next to nothing.

2. the best salsa i've bought from a grocer.

3. intelligentsia coffee.

4. enough said.Stanley's...WE LOVE YOU!!!
Anyone reading this, go there and you will understand.
We will NEVER get our produce anywhere else.
Again, Stanley's WE LOVE YOU!!
Enough said!
POW!!!Best place to get cheap fresh produce in the city.
I have been going here for 5 years and dont think i have bought produce at a major grocery store since.
Stanleys I love uIm always amazed by how much produce I walk away with and its very easy on the wallet.
Last time I was there I saw Lovie Smith and shook his hand!
I highly recommend Stanleys.Full credit to my friend John for completely rocking my world by bringing me to Stanley's.
Two giant bags of fresh produce for barely over $10?
Wowza!
A decent amount of the produce in the store is organic, and the Mediterranean pre-made food in the back refrigerated section is also really good.
Be sure to hit up the custom olive oil bar, too.

So- all this wonderful, wonderful, cheap produce- what's the catch?
All the fresh food at Stanley's is ready to cook and eat now- it won't be ok hanging out in your fridge for the next ten days.
Don't buy the stuff that's already over-ripe, check out all the strawberries in your plastic container, and use what you buy in the next few days.
Stanley's is worth it!I went here for the first time last night and it was stellar!
The ONLY thing was that the romaine wasn't up to par, but everything else was on point and SO CHEAP!
We got like three full bags of veggies and fruit for $15.
I also love that they have milk, cheeses, breads, and a deli for an added bonus.
Yeah, it's no Whole Foods, but that also means you're not paying an arm and a leg for it.
I totally think it's worth going!Yes, they have good prices but the quality on the cheap stuff is bad and the overall selection is limited.
If you want a produce store with great selection and quality and cheaper prices on most items, I recommend A&G.
Another option for great prices and better quality is Jerry's.
I've stopped going to Stanley's because I've have to throw away many of the items that I got "deals" on.Great selection of fruits and veggies and the prices wow and right in ChicagoI don't know what I would do without this place.
I can't believe I have never reviewed it, but I go there so much I forget about it for yelping purposes.

I know why Stanley's is cheap - yes, some of the produce is pretty ripe, but what do you want?
Produce that lasts 3 weeks?
I make food daily, so it has never been an issue for me to buy ripe produce.
I love Stanley's.
I refuse to buy produce from Dominick's - I have thrown out so many crappy tomatoes, its ridiculous.

So Stanley's is my produce home.
Lots of variety at a great price.
And they're open late - what more can you ask for?I do love a trip to Stanley's, but, if you value your sanity, do not, I repeat DO NOT go on a weekend between 11-2.
The aisles are small, which is fine when everyone and their sister and step-brother aren't there shopping for cheap, fresh produce.

All that aside, they kick Whole Food's overpriced ass any day of the week.I was going to give this place 3 stars, then I remembered the watermelon airplane on the sign, which earns it a fourth right away.

Stanley's is pretty standard fruit fare.
I don't think they have anything incredibly exotic.
I think Japanese pears are about as strange as it gets here.
Stanley himself is a cool guy and you see him walk around juggling fruit and kicking plastic bags around the floor.

The best thing this place has going for it (Except for the watermelon airplane sign.
I want that thing for my apartment.) is that it's cheap.
You can't really ask for much more in a fruit market except for more variety.I love you, Stanley's.
I just wish we were closer together :(Fresh produce at a great price.
Don't forget to buy their chips.
The chips are made the same day.It's nice to have a store that's so well stocked in fruits and vegetables -- it certainly beats out any of the grocery stores.
If you don't cook for a lot of people, however, be careful not to go too crazy, or else you'll end up with much of it rotting in your fridge.
Ideally there would be one of these in every neighborhood like NYC, where you can stop by every few days.
The prices are very inconsistent.
For example, I love blueberries, and there's like a 2 week window in July when you can get them as cheap as $1 a pint.
However, just a week later, they went up to $5 a pint.
That's just crazy.
I wasted a trip when I could have gone to a grocery store.Today I bought 8 boxes of strawberries for a total of $1.98.
As long as I eat them by Tuesday, what a deal!!!Cheap.
But don't let that tempt you to buy more than you'll eat within a couple days, because most of the fruit and vegetables won't keep much longer than that.
What Stanley's is though is a good place to pick up produce that you'll use in short order, just not to stock the pantry for a week or so.

Great sign.Good price!
Good quality!
Kinda crowded (go off peak time)!
Delicious homemade fare (salsa/guac/caramel apples)!
Beats the heck out of my local Dominick's!

Go to Stanley's!I spend hundreds a month on produce and though stanley's is cheaper than dominicks or jewel they still have a long way to go to be anywhere near a farmer's market.

The convenience of parking and being open past noon keeps me coming back.
So if you are looking to drive to the store to buy some fruit/veggies, or if you don't like haggling for the lowest price on banana's stanley's is the best place in town.

side note: There is always a lot of people at stanley's and the lines are a constant.
Just know ahead of time that there are people in every aisle and yes, some of them will judge your produce selecting.
Unavoidable (at least for me).Stanley's has questionable quality week in and out.
I live very close to Stanley's so I still go by, and sort through the selections, however be careful of the berries and mushrooms, as a majority of their food is very near being ripe or overripe.
They Have a return policy, but how many people will bring back a rotting avocado after 6days at home?
It is good if you live close, but don't make a special tripGreat place for fresh, in season, produce.
Shop here often as the produce doesn't last long- it's not supposed to!
If you want apples that will last for months, shop at Jewel or one of the other disgusting supermarkets in this city that favor preservatives over fresh, healthy fruits and vegetables.

I love that this place is so inexpensive and that they finally got one of those kickass orange juicers that I fall in love with every time I'm in Europe.This place has many great deals on fruits and veggies.
The staff are friendly and knowledgable.
Weekends are insanely packed, however the store keeps a flow to it.
One of my favorite places to grocery shopI take away two stars because the last two times I've been to stanleys the vegetables have been terrible, although most of the fruit was still awesome.
All the tomatos were bad, as well as the cucumbers, peppers, grapes, onions, strawberries, and bananas; and there were spiders in the grapes! yes....spiderS, there was more than one.... ew.

The fruit and vegetable store in Andersonville on Clark St beats stanleys, hands down. :(This store was recently remodeled and the outside looks much better.
The inside is pretty much the same as it was.
The look of the store however is secondary to the fresh fruit and vegetables you can pick up here.
They also have dairy and grocery items, many of which are high quality.
They have a parking lot and if you go at off times there is plenty of spaces.Every time I complain about the cost of produce to my friends, they always tell me, "Go to Stanley's!
Go to Stanley's!"
So, I finally went to Stanley's.

I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I wasn't that impressed.
I would blame it on the snowstorm that I had to endure on Good Friday to get to Stanley's, but I don't think that was it.

I wasn't looking for any super special or spectacular, but I was surprised that I couldn't find a couple items.
Broccoli Rabe and Basil.
Not too difficult, but not anywhere to be found.
I found it quite odd.

I was impressed by their Self-Serve olive oil station and that they carried my most favorite yogurt ever, FAGE (fah-yeh).
Of course, it's $0.10 more expensive than any other place, but at leas they have it.

Overall, I wasn't as impressed as I'd hoped to be.
We'll be returning for sure.
The prices can't be beat.Wow.
Stop saving your pennies for Wholefoods.
Just head over to Stanley's.
Great selection of produce at very affordable prices.
I walked out of there with $30.00 of produce which probably would have cost me $50 at Dominicks or Wholefoods.
I'd much rather support Stanley's than the big wigs and if I can save a few bills; all the more worth it.

Word of the wise... in order to beat the crowd do not shop on weekends, best to shop during weekday or morning of.
Otherwise its a madhouse.Best value for fruit and vegies I've found in Chicago.
Downside is they don't have everything.

Vegetables are super cheap, quality of some are equal to those at whole foods ..
Broc $1/pound, tomatoes on the vine $1/pound, $1 for a quart of strawberries !!! (altho they were just OK) .. of course prices vary by season.

Besides fruit and vegies, they got limited dairy, pasta, bread, nuts, etc.
I actually love their mixed nuts selection (i eat mixed nuts ALL the time, and trader joes is my second fav).Made the trek from the redline to a bus and finally to Stanley's and boy was I excited!
I had heard good things about this place, but needed to see it all on my own.
The produce was, of course, much cheaper than other places and if you root around, you can find some nice looking items.
I also didn't feel as rushed to get out of people's way when looking through the produce as I do at some other places.
I'll for sure be back!The best place for fresh, cheap produce.
Now a lot more organics.
You can go get real, fresh, healthy food.
Be careful, while most of their stuff is cheaper, there are some stuff that is just normal.
Tons of great produce.
I rarely go there looking for a particular thing, just see what looks good and give it a shot.
Hidden gem.You have to know what you are walking into when you go to Stanleys.
You will find cheap prices on fruits and veggies.
You may run into a bin of produce that seems like most of it is near death or already molding (actually, you usually will run into at least one of those).
You will be able to buy some novelty Greek candy and treats.
And if you ask one of the guys how sweet the oranges are, he will tell you to try one.
Or the Greek guy will peel it open and offer you a piece.
Or they will tell you which berries are sweeter.

So yes, you have to dig a bit sometimes.
But .99 for a package of basil, oregano, sage, thyme, rosemary, chives is wonderful.
During the summer they have great deals on those bambino watermelons.
And the checkout girls are always pleasant and lovely.
If you are a city dweller and are willing to look, you will find good things and go away happy.
Think of it like a TJ Maxx.Normally a fan but went to the market around 1 pm on Sunday and have to share my disappointment.
I used to love Stanley's but found today many of the items I wanted were spoiled, molded or just about to expire.

I love the price and did manage to find a few items but then ran to Whole foods to complete my produce shopping.
I would recommend to go with an open mind - many items you are seeking are not in great condition so do not shop here for a specific recipe - shop for some cheap produce.Ever since the renovation and the complete take-over by organic items, Stanley's just hasn't been the same.

Moral of the review:

If you like boxing out a strange mix of yuppies and elderly folk for produce that will last you approximately 1 and 1/3 days, then Stanley's is for you.I couldn't decide between four or five stars, but when the price is right I feel like I should always err on the side of positive.
And, more than anything, Stanley's has got quality pricing down pat.

Sure, sometimes you walk in and see grapes or something priced as much as or more than their counterparts at the local Dominicks.
But if you look a little further and find the grapes that aren't certified organic grown on the back porch of an old lady in Venice Beach who sang to them every afternoon at two, you'll see some great prices on the type of things that average joes like us buy.

The quality is good but, just like anywhere else, you've got to know how to buy produce.
I'm sure they don't go through every case to squeeze all the peaches to make sure they're the best quality.
You might have to do a little work as the shopper.
But for the price, I'd do twice the work that they require of me.
I think I'd even mop a little if they asked me to.Stanley's produce is cheaper because it is the "day old" stuff.
This means only buy what you can consume within a few days or for a recipe you're going to make within 24 hours! (except potatoes, onions, and items that obviously will keep longer) Not everything there is organic.
Read the signs, people.
Not everything there is from local farmers.
Again, read the stickers on the fruit to see where it's from.
Be an educated consumer, yo!
The parking lot can be a zoo full of SUVs and bicycles, especially on weekends and evenings.
So, park, drive, ride at your own risk.
Nonetheless, I love supporting a local merchant/business owner over larger chain stores when I can.
I am a huge fan of the Wisconsin cheeses they sell.
But am sad they do not sell lactose-free milk.Best prices in Chicago hands down.
Great selection of organic produce too.
I would give it 5 stars but had to drop one because it is always so packed.Cheap and fresh vegetables & fruits year round with great surprise sale items, such as basil seedlings for summer.
Amazing every day deals!Good produce but very perishable so eat up!
This is a good place, but I admit I've been to better vegetable/fruit shops.Stanley's is the best.
Organic and non-organic veggies -- you cannot beat the price, period.
Walk away with a bag of quality groceries for a fraction of what you'd pay otherwise.
Really well stocked too.My go to spot for day to day produce needs.
The prices are unbeatable on almost everything they carry.
I am always shocked at how little I spent as I struggle to carry all of my items to the car.
Not only are prices low, but the quality of their stuff is pretty high.
I will continue shopping here frequently as I have for years.Let me give you an idea of what you can get:

Two heads of red-leaf lettuce Three avocados Three orange bell peppers Two bins of fresh raspberries One quarter pound of spring mix Two pounds of organic tomatoes Three fresh pickling cucumbers

The cost of this full canvas bag of fresh produce?
About $9.50

I haven't been able to buy a full bag of fresh food for this amount since 1973.
I almost fainted.
And this is in the middle of winter!

At Jewels, it cost me $2 for a single orange bell pepper.
At Stanelys, I got THREE for the same $2.
At Jewels, it cost me $2 for a single avocado.
At Stanleys I got THREE avocados for just one buck.
At Jewels, two heads of red-leaf lettuce cost me $5.58.
At STanleys, those two heads cost me 98 cents each!
The small bin of fresh raspberries at Jewels cost $4.
At Stanleys, those very same raspberries cost . . . 98 cents!

It is a vegetarians paradise, of course, but also a heaven for mothers trying to actually feed their children right, instead of the swill too many of our mommies buy today.

Keep in mind that people whining about "wilting" lettuces are spoiled and used to over-priced stores like Jewels who spray their dying produce with filty, contaminated water over and over to keep them fresh-looking.
If you are offended by the natural wilting of fresh lettuce, then take your lettuces home and rinse them in water, for heaven's sake.I would never come back here again.
Horrible produces.
Everything i bought from here started to rot after 2days.
Thing that are lable organic, well, they are not organic.
Kiwis were still firm when i got them, 2 days later, they got all mushy.
Sweet poatoes, were rotted from the inside.
Avocadoes were all black in the inside.
Lets just say, it was a waste of my money and my time.
One more thing, this place is so dirty, i wonder why the health department has not visit this place yet....great prices! love this place. the parking lot gets a little crazy at times, but I save a lot of money here and it is worth it!In a world of overpriced Whole Foods, Trader Joes (which really isn't too bad) and the like, it's great to be able to shop for cheap, quality fruits and vegetables at a place like Stanley's.
Although I've found a few bad apples (literally) in my bags, that doesn't even come close to stopping me from shopping here again and again for years to come.We all are crazy about Stanley and his low prices for organic fruits and vegetables and low priced Intelligentsia coffee beans, but, I had the most amazing experience with the Staff.
Things get really busy on the weekends and the efficiency of the Staff is most notable as well as their care should one lose their wallet!
I was in an absolute panic late Sunday night and after emptying every bag and pocket,turning the car inside out, the house upside down and even going through the garbage, we could only think that I must have dropped it at Stanley's.
After a sleepless night in Chicago, I put a call into Stanley's at 6:00 AM--that's when they open!
They said to call back at 9:30 when the woman who would have that information would be in.
I called at that time, and voila!
Even when they aren't rescuing unconscious shoppers, the ladies are sweet tempered and polite, but, I had to sing their praises especially in light of my recent experience.
I will always remember to be courteous to them and next time, I go in,I will take them some flowers or chocolates because they wouldn't even take a reward!YUM!!!
Who doesn't love Stanley's?
People all over Chicago trek to Stanley's for their cheap prices.
Sure the produce may not always be the freshest produce around, but those are the fruits and veggies that are dirt cheap.
With their new addition of Jiminy's Chips make the trip even more enjoyable.
My two favorites are the sweet potato chips and the naked chips.I love this joint!
They have improved tremendously since I started shopping here in the 90s.
Good sized organic section that is not horribly overpriced.
Great variety and prices.
You do have to consume things fairly quickly as they may be in the middle of their shelf life.
They do have a parking lot that gets fairly wacky on Saturdays.Ok, so I'm in love...with Stanley's!
This is the BEST place for produce in all of Chicago (at least for me)!
I couldn't even decide what fruits I wanted to get, they had such an immense selection.
You can't beat these prices!
Suuuuper cheap and you can get sooo much!
I eat a piece of fruit every single day and this place works for me.
They also make their own chips.
I was checking the place out, saw their bags of chips and really didn't think much of it...until I saw their huge 'chip-making apparatus'!
And they give u samples!
They're pretty good but all I really wanted was fruits.
Ended up getting some apples, pears and strawberries...just for $5!
And I got enough for 2 weeks.
Pretty amazing!
See you in two weeks, my love! ^_^This is by far, hands down the BEST place in Chicago for fresh veggies and fruit (including a small selection of dairy, dips, dressings, bread...)
Last time I went they had large glass containers with different flavored infused olive oils, you could fill containers they provide you with any flavor you want.
I see the reviews of rotten veggies but not once in the 20+ times that I've been there have I gotten rotten veggies or fruit.
The produce is straight from the farm though, so some people might not be used to that, especially in the city where fruits and veggies are irradiated and last for an abnormal amount of time before you need to use them.
Overall-fantastic prices, I'm a vegetarian and I can buy 2 weeks worth of recipes for under $30.So I had some time to kill while waiting for my laptop to be repaired at the Apple store and thought I'd head here, because I've heard great things about it from people whose opinion I value.

Yeah, well, after my visit, I don't value those peoples' opinion so much, anymore.
Seriously, most of the non-organic fruit and veg was just nasty looking, and not at that great of a price, either.
The organic stuff certainly looked fresher, but not by much.
The items at the deli were some sort of name brand, and looked fine, but totally overpriced.

I shouldn't be telling you all this because it's packed enough as it is, but head to Harvestime on Lawrence - good prices and spectacular produce, and their deli is reasonably priced.
Once you try Harvestime, you won't go back to Stanley's, trust me.I just saw Alpana Singh shopping here.
Please keep that in mind when you read some of the skepticism about the quality of the produce found on this page.Great prices, I go there for fruit.
It's a stop before regular grocery shopping to know what I can get at a good price and what I'll need to pick up later.Stanley's is so awesome!
I filled my cart with fruits and veggies fir around $50.
The selection is excellent and the have a huge organic section, Its not the easiest place to get to, but I will go here whenever I can for my produce!Stanley's is a life saver in the winter months when the green city market is not an option.
It is really difficult to spend more than $40 bucks here even if I fill my basket to overflowing and the produce selection includes a pretty fair amount of organics since they expanded/remodeled.

It is true that some of the produce won't last longer than a couple of days, so you may want to plan ahead for that.
However, for a fraction of the price of whole foods, it is well worth the risk of the occasional throw away.
Plus a decent selection of bread, nuts, eggs and dairy, I can often go weeks without having to go to a mega-supermarket by making a few quick stops into Stanleys.First time shopper, I was shocked by how low prices were on produce.
Everything I purchased was cheap and fresh.
Would definitely go back!
Good bye Jewell, you can keep your $2 green peppers!This market is GREAT for inexpensive fruits and veggies.
I was so shocked to see my total was only $7! for so many goodies. 5 grapefruits for a dollar?! blackberries for 69 cents?!
The list goes on.
I will be a frequent veggie and fruit shopper here.The food is not remotely fresh here.
It's rotting before your very eyes.
Shopping here is like paying someone to let you go dumpster-diving.
Bleagh.Stanley's now has some sort of tiny deli that is nowhere near as tremendous as the produce but I imagine will prove to be helpful at some point in the future to someone.I like to get my veggie and use them that day.
I like to get my fruit and use them with in a few days or even with in a week.
Sadly because of my time constraints I may not get to my produce quickly.
This is why I don't shop at Stanley's anymore.
They have some great products, pasta, hot sauces, cheap bulk spices.
I'll come here for those.
Yet, when I do my fruits and veggies.. they just don't last.
I don't care if they are low in price, if I can't use them and eat them... why am I buying them?
If you know for sure you will eat them with in a day or two, come here and save some money.
If not, go some where else and save yourself some trouble.Stanley's is great.
More greens than you can shake a stick at, many of them organic and reasonably priced!
The farmers markets will be dwindling soon, but Stanley's will be open.I just picked up the best mangos from Stanley's this morning.
They also have Fage Greek Yogurt on some days.

There is nobody in the store on early weekday mornings.I have to say, I'm a bit disappointed in myself that I hadn't tried Stanley's sooner.
After suffering both poor quality and high prices at Jewel and high quality and high prices at Whole Foods, I was seeking an alternative....Stanley's fits the bill.

They have a nice selection of fruits and vegetables as any main stream grocery store does, but for prices that will leave you shocked as I was when I paid at the register!

There is also an organic section and a few dairy and dry goods.
Daily specials abound.
Though some of the items look like they could expire, my recommendation is to shop here like a European and buy only for a few days...not a few weeks worth and their products won't go bad on you.

I have to say I've tried the Honey Granola and it is very good, but they didn't have it the time I visited them :^(.

Great place and even better prices!!!!!I really, really wanted to like this place after hearing all the reviews.

Compared to other major cities, Chicago has no decent grocery store for quality produce, at least none that I have found.
At Jewel and Dominicks it seems like fruits and veggies are an unwanted afterthought.
Even at the high end places like Fox & Obels and Whole Foods I have a difficult time finding an unblemished apple.

Unfortunately, this place totally skived me out.
With a handful of exceptions, the produce was visibly rotting or covered with mold.
I still managed to find a few non-tainted items, but they only lasted a few days in the fridge.
Even the garlic was rotting in less than a week, I have NEVER seen garlic rot.

This produce can't be healthy, and it is definitely not fresh.
From now on I guess I will have to stick to the farmer's markets.Stanley's is pretty bad.
I used to think they were great, but like a couple others here, I've grown sick and tired of walking in there and almost gagging at how horrible the produce looks.
The produce I buy at my corner no-name market lasts longer than Stanley's.
One time I took a package of strawberries back the next day because they were prematurely going bad, and the manager at Stanley's (who looked like a greasy coke fiend) first looked at me like I was crazy, then begrudgingly authorized the return.
I keep thinking, what if more people did that...spoke up about how bad some of their fruit/vegs are, but nooo, that's their whole business strategy--banking on selling the cheapest dumpster-dived shit and knowing that no will inconvenience themselves enough to return it.
I realize the stuff is being sold for cheap because it is about to turn, but I've taken my business elsewhere and have found produce just as cheap that is NOT about to turn.

This is a mixed review, because I still shop there sometimes--you have to buy what you want to eat that day to get the most out of Stanley's.
I use Stanley's well when I plan a dinner party and I'm making the rounds getting what I need for THAT NIGHT...its usually cheap and good enough.
But if you are trying to buy your week's groceries and want to take advantage of the prices (most are very cheap) than good luck, its not worth the money you save because most of the food you bring home will not last the week.

I have to say, its really hard finding one store that has everything under one roof.
One place I like is on the corner of Devon and Talman, the produce is excellent, as cheap as Stanley's (but fresh) AND they have a full service deli with 6 kinds of feta (French feta is amazing), olives, good lunchmeat, not to mention the whole Indian element, i.e. frozen samosas, dal makhani in a box, wholesale spices, etc, plus Swiss chocolate, Italian cookies, Flax Plus cereal, Kefir, almost everything I used to have to go to two or three stores to get under one roof.

2008 update: I recently have been shopping at Oakton Marketplace in Skokie...I know its a hike, but they also are really balanced in terms of different kinds of food, and have great produce.
The difference with this place is, they have a parking lot (Devon doesn't) and the aisles are wider.

2010 Update - I am never going to Stanley's again.
They have lost control.
Last time I decided to shop there to save a few bucks I was so saddened at the shit they were selling and almost screamed out loud "is there ANYTHING in this store that's not ROTTING?!"
I practically got a fungal infection from handling the pineapple - after inspecting a couple I noticed that they all had a moldy film, and my hands smelled wierd.
I went there to get some cauliflower and guess what, every single one of the heads of cauliflower were rotting.
Ditto for the asparagus.
And the strawberries.
I literally had to go to another store to get half the stuff on my list.
The oranges and grapefruit I unfortunately did end up buying turned out to be either dry and nasty or rotten and mushy when I attempted to eat them.
Why bother ever coming here again?
I know I can choose other places (and I have), but part of me also thinks the owner of this store is morally deficient.
I can't imagine how someone could bring the death-laden food Stanleys sells into their store and sell it and feel proud of themselves.

If you want cheap produce sold by people who care about food and care about quality, our newest favorite is Caputo's at Harlem and Grand.
Its a really awesome all-around store.i love me some Stanley's.

there is not one negative thing i can think of to say. oh there is one. i always get the cart with the wonky wheel.Stanley's is great when you know what it's all about, you need to use their produce within a few days of purchasing.

A vegetarians dream in this depressing economy.

I mean, where else are you going to get a bunch of fresh basil for $0.99 a package?I really like Stanley's.
There's a parking lot which makes everything easier.
The produce is usually fresh and always cheap.
It can be crowded sometimes which is annoying, but if you go at the right times it's fine.
The workers are friendly and check usually goes very smoothly, even when it is busy.
The reason I didn't give 5 stars is because sometimes the produce is over-ripe or just ripe and usually doesn't keep more than a day or two so it's hard to do a week's worth of shopping in one trip.If all grocery stores were like Stanleys, the world would be a better place.
Prices are awesome and selection is fantastic.
Produce is fresh and faily priced.
Staff are super nice too!LOVE this place! great selection of organic produce that's really fresh! definitely a staple in our monthly grocery shopping excursions...If you know how to look for produce, this will be your favorite place to buy it from now on.
The prices CAN'T BE BEAT, and now that they have a full deli, what's not to love?
Don't go on the weekend.
Go on a weekday for the first time in the early or mid day.
Once the yups get off work, it can be a madhouse.
Also, hit up the spices they sell.
Huge bottles full for like $1.50.
I'm talking whole cloves people!
A tip for newbies: check the berries before you buy if you aren't going to eat um right away.
They go bad faster than at other stores.One of the most fantastic fruit and vegetable markets in the city.
A great place to prepare for a party or just pick up some produce.
If it's in season, it's cheap here, dirt cheap.
They even have an awesome organic section that beats Whole Food's prices any day.
I highly recommend this market if you love the healthy green stuff.Stanley's is the shiznit!
My only complaint is that instead of only going to Jungle Jewel for everything, I have to make two trips, but who am I kidding, it is so worth it.
You can get bag loads of produce on the cheap.
I don't know where their produce comes from, and maybe I don't want to know, but dang it is tasty and cheap.This place is great, although I have to say sometimes hit or miss!
Especially great if you are hosting a dinner and need tonage of produce.
The downfall, speaking from a one woman show...you really need to use your veggies/fruit within a couple of days...it goes bad fairly quick, so don't overbuy!!
Cannot beat the prices here!
Expect lots of people and normally a wait in line.Oh hot damn, Stanley's is my jam.
Cheap, huge selection, fresh, good deli counter, and has some pretty damn good olive oil.
It doesn't hurt that I live really close to Stanley's as well.Today, I discovered the splendor of Stanley's.
Unemployed, slowly going broke from buying produce at Green City Farmer's Market, finding myself surreptitiously lifting the soft plums out of the trash bin at Treasure Island (tentatively exploring freeganism), I realized my grocery life needed a change.
Stanley's is that change.
They have tons of organic and though many people have complained of quality, I found it to be more than satisfactory for my needs.
Wide-eyed and joining the ranks of frantic bumper cart shoppers, I felt I'd been initiated into a secret club.
When the tab came up, I dropped my jaw because I expected my giant cartful of goods to cost much more.
Shopping here saved me tons of money I don't have and is a good choice for the conscientious but impoverished (i.e. student or recent college grad) who can't afford the exorbitant prices at Whole Foods.If you know how to shop here, you'd consider it a 4-5 star place. it has a BETTER produce selection than jewel or dominick's----try finding persimmons at jewel; it's not happening.
You do have to use the stuff you buy within a few days because it is ripe, but that's ok in my book.
In terms of the fellow who said he was disappointed in the lettuce selection; they give you a pound of lettuce for 2.69, and while it might go bad in 2-3 days, you still pay a dollar more for a quarter of the weight at a regular grocery store.
I tend to buy spinach, and when it starts to get a little soft, i cook it and put it in an omelet or with dinner!I have been a loyal Stanley's shopper for more than 3 years.
The produce was always great and of course you can't beat the deals that everyone else has written about below.

However, LATELY i will say that Stanley's quality of produce has greatly declined.
The Strawberries for a $1... rotten, the onions... rotten.
And the worst purchase from Stanleys lately....
SUN DRIED TOMATOES after eating half of the package (which is packaged by Stanley's) I went to put some on my salad last night when i saw something suspicous in the package.
I pulled it out and was DISGUSTED to discover that there in the middle of the STANLEY's sun dried tomatoes was a CIGARETTE BUTT.Packaged in the tomatoes.

I have never been so grossed out... produce no matter how expensive or inexpensive should be FRESH and free of foreign objects.

Stanley's is disgusting.
I am sad to say that I have bought one too many rotten things from this gross place.

Never going back.u have to know how to pick out fruit in order to shop here. i recommend their oranges, avocados, red apples, honey tangerines, spinach, celery, carrots and portabella mushrooms, they also have a nice selection of fine dairy products from southern Illinois and Wisconsin. if they carried toiletries and fish i would go here every week. better than any fruit at jewel Also they have delicious fresh orange juice sometimes.I learned about this when I worked for a more expensive fruit and vegetable market down the street, we'll call them "whole foods" but despite the discount I couldn't afford to shop there.
And then I met my friend the one dollar pineapple.
Yeah its not top shelf. but fresh fruit and veggies are expensive usually and Stanley's has great variety.I love this place!
Not only do they have a great assortment of fruits and vegetables but their prices kick Jewel & Dominick's behind!
Last time I was there, they were selling pineapples (which they peeled and cored) for $0.98 each.
Dominicks was selling them for $4.98, need I say more?Stanley's is the Shit!
Not the biggest organic selection but great fruit year round without unnecessary price gouging A.K.A Whole Foodsing!
Most of the time they have what I need plus a little surprise like pizza bread or a taffy apple.
MMMMM taffy!Living within a 5 minute drive from Stanley's makes me love this place much more than when I had to make a huge effort to get there.
Why?
Because this place is based on the fast turnaround.
You will not see the same stuff if you go in there 2 days in a row because they go through such massive amounts of produce.

Great things about Stanley's: 1) It's cheap, plain and simple.
After becoming accustomed to their prices, I am insulted to go to Jewel and see what they charge for a non-organic apple.
2) The staff.
They're all really nice and work really hard at keeping the place stocked and as clean as they can.
I've never seen cashiers clean off their belts or counters anywhere else but here.
Sure the floors are a little dirty but it's gotta be impossible to keep up with the ridiculous amounts of people who come through here.
3) The specials.
Always some ridiculous deal.
As someone else mentioned, sometimes the stuff on sale seems like it'll be dead in a day, but that's basically why its dirt cheap.
I'll purchase my little avocados for 5/$1 on the chance that some of them are gonna suck.
Still better than the $2 I've seen them at elsewhere.
4) Random local cheap stuff.
Now I'm not sure how they can sell Natural Ovens bread & bagels for $1-2, but I've never had a bad $1 bag of bagels - I just stick them in the freezer and they keep just fine.
These retail for $4 elsewhere.

Because I live so close, I'm able to go multiple times per week, unlike others I'm sure.
I do agree that a lot of the stuff doesn't have the same shelf life, but that's why I just buy no more than 4-5 days worth and make it work.
I tend to go after 8pm on weeknights so my trips are quick and painless.

Give Stanley's a try.
Definitely can't hurt.This is a wonderful resource to help people on a budget get more organic produce into their diet.
I use my juicer/blender everyday and it's awesome for that because everything is at the peak of ripeness there.
(You can always freeze berries, bananas and greens if you won't eat them in time and then they are ready to be thrown into a cold drink!)
They also have free-range eggs and some organic dairy products at a lower price than usual.
The spices, cold-cuts, and canned stuff seem to be typical mainstream grocery store quality and are regular price.
This is really a store to get your fruits and veggies at for a major bargain.
I would save the rest of your staples for another grocer.Great place.
Cheap groceries with a large selection.
Sell 3 types of self serve olive oil.
Been coming here for years and has been consistant in terms of quality and price.Stanley's is like the whore of produce markets: cheap and dirty, just the way I like it.Stanley's had the cheapest prices I've ever seen on produce.
Raspberries for 98 cents a carton and honey crisp apples for $1.49.

My only complaint -- some of the produce that is super marked down such as the raspberries for 98 cents were on the verge of going bad.
It makes sense that this is the reason they are sooo cheap but just be warned when picking out which carton to take home.I love this place!
The produce is always fresh and cheap and of decent quality.
You can also find great produce from around the area, like great apples and cider from Michigan.
Price is amazing, all the fruit and veggies you need for a week can be had for under $15.This place is fantastic!
Yes, you must use most of what you buy rather quickly, but should you expect anything less with the prices?
I can stock up for a week's worth of veggies and I usually spend about $15.00 and you can not beat that!

Every time I go here, I am able to get a parking spot and moved in and around the very crowded store.
The check out lanes move very quickly, probably because the have not adapted the "Self Check Out" lanes, man those are a trap!
There are a lot of organic options open to you as well.
I love when I am there and they are stocking up, which seems to happen all the time.
Something additional I have noticed lately is the gigantic olive oil jar in the middle of the store where you can sample and pour your own, what a great idea!

Another great note about this place, Stanley.
Ever noticed the sign?
Its him!
So funny!I'm a Stanley's fan but really want to provide a balanced, objective assessment.
So here goes: not liking Stanley's is like endorsing incest.Usually you'll pay 1/3 of regular supermarket prices but some things are at equal price or higher so don't get too giddy.
However, sales are random so you should luck out regardless.
Just avoid anything that's not a fruit or vegetable and your world will be filled with bliss.

Oh and as you might guess the secret is out on this place on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays so just go at a different time.to all you less than 5 star-ers: stanley's IS 5 stars bc it gives you low prices for what is in season OR for what they NEED to get rid of. it makes economical sense and they aren't trying to hide anything from you.

this place is amazingly awesome for that reason exactly.

go here if you care about buying what is in season bc you care about what is relatively better for the environment. and about getting a variety of nutrients in your diet.

sorry trust fund daughters: you can't always get what you want when you want. oh wait, you can. that's what whole foods is for.Stanley's is one of the awesomest places to shop in Chicago.
Good produce at unbelivable prices.
I don't care how they do it, as long as they keep doing it!
Plus, it is a friendly--if slightly harried-- atmosphere.
Plus, they have a few other essentials if you need more than fruits and vegetables; like they have bread and cheese and milk and deli meats.

PS- They still get 5 stars, but, as with any grocery store, always check for mold.
Stanley's has so much stock, and it goes so quickly, that you should make sure stuff hasn'e been left outside too long in the summer.I love Stanley's!!
I'm there twice a week to stock up on fruits and veggies.
They have the largest selection in the area and the prices are pretty good.
Since it seems near impossible to find decent produce at Dominick's or Trade Joe's, I've made Stanley's my main source for produce.
They usually have seasonal stuff on sale and the quality is very good in my experience.
It gets really crowded in there on Sundays but the lines move pretty quickly.My kid eats fruit like it's free, so Stanley's is a must-have in our grocery arsenal.
Cheap stuff, great quality... and a vast array of hummus for whatever reason.
Despite the fact every time we visit there's some chubby hipster shoved into clothes that are way too tight for him- not always the same guy- various chubby hipsters... we keep going back.I went during peak hours and thought everything was reasonably well run.
It's difficult-to-impossible to beat the prices.
I don't believe I've ever eaten tastier store-bought produce.
I was sad there were no blueberries, but maybe they're out of season?
My main problem with Stanley's is that it's difficult to get to without a car.
Solution: more friends with cars!The prices here are insane!!!
The quality is better than Jewel, just watch out for over ripen produce.
Great for the budget!This may not be fair, but I'm giving them 1 star because they changed their hours close at 9 pm and I hiked over there last night only to stare, forlornly, at the 7 kiwis for a dollar I couldn't buy.
I wasn't the only one standing outside confused and irritated by the hours change.
I wish I could say that I am going to boycott them, but, with prices so low, it's not very likely.Stanely's is something you need to experience many times!
You HAVE to go first thing in the morning though.. if you wait until noon or later, you're going to have a much less enjoyable experience.
This is the place to go when you are looking to buy bulk produce - I always come out here when I'm making jam or throwing a party, it's WAY cheaper than farmers market or the grocery store.
This was the first place in Chicago I saw Acia berries, too.Stanley's is the place to go for your fruits and veggies.
It is incredibly cheap and quite the bargain.
I often walk out with 12-15 items all under $10.
The first time I went there, I was floored by how little I paid.
This place gets crazy so I go after work to avoid crowds.
They also have some organics which I love.
I only buy organic so it's nice to know I can come here if I need more than what I get from the farm.I haven't been here in a while...mainly because I love summer fruit and in winter I slack on my produce consumption.
BUT.
I shall return in May, and I will fill my cart to the top with fruit and vegetables, and it will only cost like $15.
Cheapest produce I've ever seen - organics are usually the same price as non-organics!
They have a great selection, depending on the season.
It's worth going to two different grocery stores to get your produce here!Love love love Stanley's!
Here you can find all kinds of produce, for so cheap that you'll feel like you're stealin'.
I was especially impressed with their organic fruits and veggies, as well as their crazy-looking exotic mushrooms.
No more buying produce at Jewel, it's Stanley's all the way for me.No matter how many times I go here I'm always amazed at how much I get for $15-20.
It's definitely hit or miss though, sometimes I've gone and the quality isn't all that great and the food needs to be eaten in like a day.
I'd go here alot more often if I didn't do my grocery shopping mainly on the weekends.
This place is a nightmare on the weekends!!!
But the prices cannot be beat....it's dirt cheap.
I need to make more of an effort to get here during the week to up my produce consumption.Ok, so I like to grocery shop and I like to eat things -- preferably organic or local.
I also am still in the phase of my life where I take a deep breath every time I swipe my debit or (gulp) credit card.
Stanley's takes these stresses away.
They have an amazing selection of great, fresh, organic produce at the lowest prices I think I've seen anywhere -- even outside the city.
Their organic grapes are often under $1 a pound, they've got organic berries on the cheap, tons of veggies, and even great prices on eggs and kefir.
I'm kind of crazy for this place, and I'm not even that easy to please!
With that said, it's true the parking isn't fantastic and the corner is trafficky.
But c'mon...you've gotta deal with some hardships when the rewards are so sweet.This place is GREAT for produce, deli, and breads!
Their produce is always what is fresh, so if you like to buy IN-SEASON this is the place to go year round, even with Chicago's great farmers markets!
Don't forget to pick up cheap flowers, and amazing potato chips in the deli!Nice enough place, but the prices in my experience don't beat my neighborhood Edgewater Produce.I always have good experiences here.
The reason it's four stars is b/c my mom got her purse stolen here.
It was someone that walked in from the street.
I still come here but I keep my purse close to my chest.I heart this nemesis of Whole Foods.
Great cheap fruits and veggies for when I force myself to get back on the healthy eating bandwagon.
They don't last very long though, so only buy for a few days.
I bought an entire basket of food the other day for about 25 bucks - doesn't get better than that.Well I recently was introduced to Jerry's Fruit and Vegetables in Niles... blocks from my office and that place blows Stanley's out of the water.
It's good to have 2 options though- city, suburbs.Produce, produce, produce!
Unbelievably low prices on fresh and flavorful fruits and veggies.
Stanley's is the place to go before you cook that special meal you have been dying to try.
There is very limited parking, and it can be crowded if you go during high traffic hours.
I recommend during the day on a weekday if you can manage.
Otherwise, early in the week in the evening has been a good time for me.
The main reason I am giving 4 stars is because the fruit/veggies tend to be at peak condition when you buy them here....so you need to use them right away or they will go bad.
It isn't a huge deal, but it is good to know before you go nuts buying a couple weeks worth of stuff only to have it go bad on you.Stanley's is a pretty good produce market.
They will surprise you with the variety.
I think sometimes the produce is just ready to be past its prime, so I suggest using it quickly.Fresh produce is a priority in my life.
That's why I go to Stanley's.
If one purchases a mother-load of their super-ripe produce, OF COURSE it will go bad in a few days.
People shop at Stanley's because they want to eat their avocados today, not when they get ripe in a few days.

The prices suit my penny-pinching personality.
BUT if you are a fresh fruit and veggie fanatic, you may have to make a few trips a week.
The produce is ready to eat now and will not keep for long.This is the best place on the northside to buy fruits & vegetables!
That's all I have to say!!
This place ROCKS!Great store...
Convient...
Good parking...
Low prices...
Great selection and qualityRecommended to come here for fresh veggies and fruits by my coworker and I'm glad I did.
I agree with other yelpers that you should use everything within a couple days.
Prices are cheap, variety of selection is good.
Maybe they don't have the most beautiful selection of produce, so you really need to know how to pick your fruits and veggies.
I've never gone on a weekend and I sure don't want to from what I read here!
I love how they have a parking lot.I use to be a big Stanley's fan, I still go there on occasion when I feel like saving a lot of money... the fact is that most of their produce is as low quality as they can get away with.
Even the "organic" stuff tastes sort of weird.
I still find great deals on decent stuff, like their kiwi (which are tasty) and berries, but after cooking up some corn and zucchini from my last trip the deep denial I was in about their quality really went away, both veggies were barely eatable.
You definitely get what you pay for - 7 items at whole foods = $48, a cart full of veggies at Stanley's = $21.the prices at stanley's are unbeatable. stanley's is just down the road a stretch from whole foods. the amount that you would spend on organic produce at whole foods versus stanley's is astounding. they have pretty much everything you'd want... organic and conventional.

i have no complaints at all about this place. if thee was a sixth star here i'd give them that one too.If it were not for Stanley's, I don't think that I'd be able to afford my daily requirement of fruit and vegetables.
I don't mind the fact that the produce tends to be on the ripe side, as I tend to buy just what I need for the next few days.
They always have good/cheap red grapefruit and pineapple.
I love their olive oil and pico de gallo, too.
The only thing that kind of scares me is the pickle/olive section.
It can get crowded, but the check out lines always seem to move quickly.I'm def. a fan of Stanley's they have a good selection of veggies and fruit!!

I've read sum of the prior comments and shocked that they don't like it or don't like their selection of produce.
I always get my asparagus, zucchini, bell peppers, beets, pine apple, apples, oranges, mushroom, carrots, parsnip, chile poblano, chile serrano, cilantro, parsley,cheeses (sometimes), cantaloupe, honeydew, tomatillios, cabbage, onions, potatoes, tomatoes, berries ( strawberries, blueberries, raspberries) and their yummy olive tapenade from Stanley's.

I never spend more then 20.00 dollars and I always walk out with at least 4 bags of produce.
They don't always carry the same produce every week which is kinda cool, it gives me an opportunity to get a bit more creative and make something different!!THe best place in Chicago to go for fresh fruits and vegetables.
They even have a parking lot right there which is a rarity in Chicago.
Make sure that as soon as you buy them - use them within the next 2-3 days for the best qualityForget the prices at Whole Foods, you can get three times as much for the same price at Stanley.
Sure some things do go bad quickly, but its Fruit and Vegetables, that stuff can go bad fast any where you get them.
Great selection!I love Stanley's.
The produce is cheap and the product of good quality.
I usually buy a lot of produce here, and then eating some, but forgetting the rest and then it just sits there in my fridge getting moldy...
(sigh) I wish I could just remember to eat it all -- then it would be an amazing buy!Raspberry punnets for $1.00!!
There's not much I can say about this place that hasn't already been said... cheap as shit, tasty produce in good condition.
It's kinda lively so I probably wouldn't brave this place on a weekend but do come here if you have the time and want to save some money on your fruit 'n veg.

And purple cauliflower?!
Who knew that existed?
Anyone remember broccoflower?
Looks cool, tastes gross.
Anywho...On select days when I do drive to work, a trip to Stanley's is in order.
They have a down-to earth selection of fresh fruits, veggies, spices, oils, breads and when they do have Milk and Honey granola, get it!
Yum!
It's cheaper than at Whole Paycheck.
When they have the peppers on super sale, I buy a ton and freeze them for my yummy stir-fry dishes.
The staff is awesome and there's plenty of parking...free!Like all the reviews say...
This place has an amazing selection for incredible prices.
It's become a weekly stop on my usual grocery run when I need to stock up the fridge.
Parking is easy and the staff is super friendly.The skinny: Fresh produce.
Better quality than the Jewel.
Sizable organic section.
The potato-chip contraption is pretty fun to watch, too.
CHEAP!
Go.You save a ton of money on fresh fruit and veggies here!
There is a ton of parking and the #72 North Ave. bus stop is near by.
Summer fruits are amazing.
I stock up, leave with 4 full bags and spend about 20-30 bucks.
It's a great deal and the quality is excellent!
Some of their breads are very tasty as well.
They also have some pre-packaged items like hummus, cheese and bagel chips.
I recommend the bulk packaged spices too.
I bought some great "pizza seasoning" there...it fancies up any frozen cheese pizza and makes you into an instant Emeril.
Bam!This place is great.
The fruits and veggies are cheap and fresh.
The lines might be long but they move quickly.
The parking sucks but it is worth it.
They also have a great selection of nuts and dried fruits.
The always have fresh pineapple.....so check it out!So, at one time I would have rated Stanley's higher simply because of their prices.
However, I went tonight to stock up on veggies and fruit and was a little taken back by many of their prices.
I was confused.
Stanley's used to be the cheapest place to buy almost any type of produce.
Now it seems like they have SOME really cheap (ie; almost rotten) produce and the rest was the same price as every other grocery store. $2.49 a pound for nectarines???
Stanley's what happened to you?!Love it here.
I live pretty close by, and I'll be coming here instead of Jewel for whatever I can.
Cheap, fresh, produce.
I love blackberries and raspberries and it's nice to see them under $5 for a little box (I got some for like 2-3 the other day).
Avocados are cheap here, too.
Will check out the deli more next time I'm in.WORD. emily p! hurrah for stanleys. somebody's gotta eat what's in season. this market has taught me how to be a creative cook and look forward to seasonal fruits and veggies. you know why asparagus looks crappy now? because its not in season in the US until april. as for you jules b. look forward to food, it'll taste W A Y better.Echoing all the other reviews- great organic product for cheap prices.
I will say, it has been WAY more crowded since the renovation.
There were never lines, now I've waited (granted not THAT long) for a few minutes every time I've visited.Not only is watermelon flyin', cigar smoking Stanley back, he's lit up and revolving!
This is the second best thing to happen to me this week.I went here for my FIRST time and what a super find.
A Friend of mine told me about a box of strawberries fir $3.00.
They didn't have the berries but they did have 10 kiwi for $1.00.
You can't go wrong!Thank you, Stanley's, for making it affordable to eat healthy!
I am so grateful this place exists, and I can get good quality affordable produce-- usually half the price of Jewel's and better quality.
We left with like 5 bags of produce for under $30.I'm seriously giggling like a schoolgirl every time I leave this place. 4 huge bags of produce for $10?
Sign me up!
I've always found the produce here to be fresh, delicious and cheap.
After reading the reviews, I wasn't expecting my fruit and veggies to last long, but they outlasted all my expectations, and the flavor was much better than what I usually get at Dominick's for twice the price.
I'm a fan.I l-o-v-e stanley's.
It get's only 4 stars because it hasn't taken the place of Sunflower (r.i.p.) in my heart, but has a great selection of produce at cheap prices.
They also have a whole organic section on the left (back) side of the market.
Make sure you give everything a proper inspection, and I would reccommend going weekly or even bi-weekly (like I do) to stock up and make sure you can eat it all before it goes bad.Lots of fruit and veg, lots of cheap fruit and veg, all the BEST! fruit and veg I have been shopping at Stanley's for 20 years when I have out-of-town visitors we go to Stanley's and take home a feast no kidding I am such a food nerd!The best, period.
Great service, amazingly low prices for a nice, fresh, wide selection of fruit, veg, nuts and breads - there's a Whole Foods down the street and I bet those people are pissed.this is a fair to middling produce market blessed by a great location (a short SUV ride from wicker park/bucktown) and the fact that many reviewers are comparing it to even more mediocre yuppie-crap like whole foods.
Saying the produce is cheaper or better than Jewel(s).....kinda like saying there are better role models than Britney Spears!Stanley's is a godsend for anyone interested in their health, organic foods, and isn't rich and must mind their money.

Maybe every piece of fruit or veg isn't perfect, so what - buying produce is ALWAYS a gamble!

Stanley - expand those organic selections!!! love love love love them!It's true what they say; the prices are dirt cheap, but you'd better be prepared to freeze the stuff of eat it right away.
It's the perfect store for when you want to host a dinner party that evening and you know exactly what you need to prepare.
Every time I've gone to Stanley's I'm shocked at how little my bill adds up to for cart full of produce.
Of course, half of it goes bad within a few days, but I don't feel so bad when the prices are that low.
It sure beats Dominick's, Treasure Island, and Whole Foods.
I like another yelper's advice, "buy in small quantities, and often."I've been shopping at Stanley's since my brother introduced me to it 4 years ago.
Its, more or less, responsible for any form of healthy eating I've taken on.
I like to cook new and different things and Stanley's usually fits the bill.
If you are looking for something unusual, then Stanley's might be hit or miss since all of their stuff is super fresh and turns over a lot.
I let their selection drive my menu for the week and I am rarely displeased with the quality or selection.
And the prices are always great.This place has AMAZING fruit and Veggie deals.
You cannot go wrong by checking it out.
I lowered it one star, because you need to sometimes pick through what you are getting.
But the price is worth it.
We always can get 6 huge bags of food for 20 bucks!
At a regular grochery what we buy would normally be $50 +.

Check our Stanley's for your next health food kick!A pound of broccoli, a pound of bean sprouts, 2 green peppers, 2 limes and a carton of raspberries... for $3.07.
Phenomenal.It's amazing the $$ I can save in this place compared with my local Jewel but choose your fruit and veggies carefully because some of it looks like it's been run over by a CTA bus, so pick the best of the seasonal produce and save a ton of dollars.Love this place!
It's like the framers market everyday of ther year!
Stop buying produce from anywhere else!I love Stanley's Fruit and Vegetables.
I go through a lot of produce and this is a great place to pick up everything you may need.
At very very great prices I must say!
They mainly specialize in fruits and veggies but also have a decent section of breads, deserts (baklava and poundcake!), dried pasta, coffee and tea.
And honestly if you can go in and get fresh veggies and fruits and whatever else for 10.00 a week come on, that's just amazing!
I do recommend you check out what you buy, when they have those really cheap 10 apples for 1.00 it could be because they are going bad or something...but other then that I have nothing else to say.The only place I buy produce.
What more is there to say?
Oh, I know, don't listen to the reviews that say everything is rotten and you have to dig around for the good stuff.
I would honestly say that you have to pick around produce 10% of the time.
If you haven't gone, you definitely should, you'll be amazed at the prices.I go here for affordable organic produce.
It is much less expensive than Whole Foods and Sunflower for organic (don't compare to trader joe's since they don't have all organic.)
Careful of the evil and elusive invisible dividing line at Stanley's between the organic and regular produce.
After you touch a conventional cucumber and feel all the wax you will notice.
Only problem is that it doesn't have everything organic that I would need so it is always one stop in a series for me.stopped by here on the way back from microcenter.
Didnt find anything to special about this place, fruits and veggies were decently priced.
Bought a huge container of mixed fruit that was fairly fresh.
And a few packs of strawberries, it was buy 1 get 1 free i believe.
And a pack of blueberries for a dollar.Damn you, Chicago Yelpers for keeping Stanley's a secret during the majority of my first summer in the city.
How could you let me pay $2.49/lb for green peppers at Dominick's?
I thought that the produce was insanely overpriced crap in Minneapolis, but Jewel was taking the cake.

For the prices at Stanley's, I can fill my Eddie Bauer backpack with a gorgeous, weeksworth array of fruits/veg for about $8-10.
They have a large selection of organic fruits, that are sometimes cheaper than the "reg" ones.
They have fresh breads, cheeses, giardinera, and spices.
I don't care if the food may be on the ripe side.
The prices are so incredible that I wouldn't even mind sometimes cutting off the bruisey part.
Without the I-GO, this Noble Square location is about a mile round trip from the El for me, but it is so worth it, that I make a point of going once a week.
I just bought 4lbs of carrots for a buck.

Those crappy chain grocers won't get any produce biz from me anymore.With so many grocery stores selling almost-rotten produce, it's refreshing to find Stanley's.
They always have a wide selection and the fruit and veggies are in great condition, always being restocked.
Prices are excellent on most items and they've a growing section of organic items.
It's a great find.I don't get how this place does inventory.
There's always new stuff.
The quality varies, but the prices are so much cheaper than any other place in the city.Amazing place.
I miss it so much.
They have a great organic section and everything is always cheap and fresh.i love stanley's! great stuff for great prices!

also...
NOTE THIS! i picked up some chocalate covered straberries for a dinner party i was having and they were a hit! very fresh and large strawberries and the chocalate was memorable!

yay stanley'sHa.
Ironic this place sells produce since it feels more like a meat market inside.
I went on a Saturday afternoon and the place was SWARMING with twenty/thirtysomethings who seemed to be shopping for more than just vegetables.
I don't think I've ever been looked up and down so many times in my entire life.
This place might be "quick" and "cheap", but I'm not.
Just kidding, I am. 773-478-0767.oh...I just found this store when I go home....right after I got off at North Ave from I-94.
It's nice store...fresh and cheap!!
I go there when I need to buy vegitables for my cooking....
Only thing I cannot find at this store is Meat...Pork...Beef...Chicken... well..store is called "Stanley's Fruit & Vegetables"... : )Amazing!!!!You should no longer buy your produce at the grocery store b/c you should buy it here!!!!
The prices are soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap and the produce is fresh!I enjoy shopping at Stanley's, I am able to use the best fruit & veggies, even organic, on the cheap.
Without any foodstuff going bad in the refrigerator.
I buy what I am going to eat or cook in the next few days.I finally went to this place to check it out with a friend.
Not impressed but I do have one caveat though.
I went Labor Day so I assume that is why all of the lettuces, herbs, and anything else with leaves were extremely wilted and destined for the dumpster.
They do offer a wide selection of fruits and veggies and great prices but I assume you have to go right AFTER the delivery truck leaves to get the freshest produce.Great prices.
Buy some green bags to store your produce in to help it last longer, since some of the bargains are due to the age of the items.
Check out their pantry items, like pasta and bulk spices, for other good deals.I would give 2.5 if they could.
Sometimes they have great prices and a great variety.
Sometimes they just have the typical stuff at market price.
Often their prices are a few cents higher than chain stores on some items, and a few cents lower on others.
Can be claustrophobic crowded.
When you get a good deal it is a GOOD DEAL.
You can't really do your shopping here as it just has produce, and limited dairy.
I would say their selection is "decent:" rather than "great" or "outstanding."
I have only been here about 7 times,. but I Think that is more than enough to determine this place is just OK.
As others have complained; I have throw away fruit I have purchased due to poor quality or over-ripeness.
Mostly pre-containered stuff.
I also know someone who strongly feels they were made seriously ill by their premises packaged ready to eat fruit.New deli section...guess who?
Makes my life a little easier sometimes.
Some funky tin foil wall coverings to boot.Best fresh fruit and vegetables around.
Reasonable prices, great service.
I'm glad they built out the space to make it larger for more products.Great place for fresh fruits and vegetables and at a great price.
The fruit and vegetables are always top quality and the selection is amazing.
Would definitely recommend to someone instead of the usual Dominicks or Jewels for fruits and vegetables.holy guacamole! no... really..... $3.98 for a seriously generous container of freshly made guac!

funny note: i got home and was eating it, then got seriously bummed because an entire avacado pit was in the midst of it. come to find out - that's a trick to keep it from going brown. ha!

useful note: when driving, do not park in that front spot right next to the door. it's a grand pain to maneuver out of at busy times.

cool note: they have canned crushed tomato with the most adorable vintage-y labels. love!Fresh, inexpensive produce plus a variety of deli meats and cheeses make for a great combination in a grocery store.
If it had a few more staples, I would cut out Jewel/Dominicks completely.Stanley's is a fantastic market.
Last week I bought 3 avocados for $0.99 there (!)
They have a good mix of organic and traditionally grown fruits and vegetables, all at great prices.
They also carry dairy products and eggs, though I have found that the prices of these items are pretty standard.
Parking is easy and there never seems to be a very long wait at the check-out counter.This place is CHEAP for fruits and vegetables...even the organic stuff!
Sometimes I find the selection not as fresh as other times, but it has come a long way since before it remodeled and a lot of the chain grocery stores' produce is the same way.I love Stanley's!!!!
I am a huge fan of fresh fruits and veggies, and at the prices Dominick's and Jewel try to charge for them, you would be crazy to buy them there, so shop Stanley's!!!
It is also great that they have a parking lot that is really easy to access.
Michelle W. said it perfect, "Just be warned that the produce does not have the shelf life of your regular supermarket fare."i am a pre and post remodel stanley's frequenter and yes, after the remodel some strange things happened price wise, i would be charged $9/lb for cherries and avocados were suddenly $2 a piece. but that went away and i get checked out faster than i can count my change for the register girls, who i think are all sisters.

but when did stanley's become a singles bar? everyone is checking everyone else out almost as much as filter. hey man, i am just checking the ripeness of the tomatoes don't get any ideas.Went to Stanley's today for the first time, and was very impressed at the openness of the aisles, and selection.
My son grabbed $2.98 blueberries (the big container) and my daughter grabbed a big bag of cherries, I took a back of those cute little red champagne grapes, and we headed to get our citrus on!
We found Texas grapefruits for .79/lb, Florida navel oranges .98/lb, and Jonathon Michigan apples for .69/lb.
The pears we got we .59/lb and the lettuce and spinach you could bag yourself.
I was pretty impressed with the cleanliness of the store, no vermin spotted, or fruit flies (I really hate them) would go back in the warm weather though to see if this still holds true.
Everything looks good, and kids liked the blueberries and cherries, which barely made it out of the bags, and onto the tables before they went into all the hungry mouths.
This being said, I have to admit I have scarfed down more than half a bag of the Jalapeno Jiminy chips....mmmm mmmm good!
Love them!
Will go back, just for those!
I'm going to try their pico de gallo and guacamole, as well as the hummus with roasted garlic.
Come on, I spent $38, and my fruit bowl and veggie bins are overflowing with sweet goodness!
We never take longer than a couple days to go thru our fruits and veggies anyway, so if something starts to go bad, GREAT!
That means we're eating healthy foods!
Someone once told me, "Only eat foods that go bad, but eat them before they do."
Hmmm...FOOD for thought!
Love this place, will be back!
Parking was fine, who's afraid of a little walk!?
Oh yeah, and extra SNAPS for having cute hanging fruit from the ceiling which entertained and amazed all 3 of my kids, and kept them quiet for about 4 1/2 minutes!Is it just me, or has the quality of Stanley's fruits and veggies taken a hit in the last few months?
I used to love stocking up on my weekly greens on the cheap there, but now whenever I go I can only seem to make out with a quarter of my shopping list -- the lettuce are wilted, the red peppers have strange looking splotches on them, or the onions have something dark growing on them.
They were selling 33 cent strawberry packs the other day but every single pack was covered in mold!!!
Shouldn't that be illegal?
Anyways, the stuff is cheap there is no doubt about that, but the freshness reflects the price.After reading the reviews posted here, I thought I would add my own experiences with Stanleys.
Yes, prices can be good.
I totally agree with other posters that you should never buy fruits or berries as they won't last past a day.
And never buy any fruit that comes in their plastic containers.
As soon as you take it home to wash it, you will find it filled with mold.
Total waste of money.
And not worth my time to buy it only to find it unedible.
I don't have time to grocery shop every day.
I need to buy my fruit so it lasts for at least three or four days and realistically a week.stanley's is the shit but timeing and not having a plan is crucial. you should always go to stanleys earlier in the day, if you get there after 7 p.m. it's going to be gross, because all that's left is the rotty stuff no one else wanted.
Also you can't be all like "i need red peppers and romaine lettuce," because that might not be what's good that week, but rather yellow peppers and red leaf lettuce.
Still, what i find sub-par here is about the general quality level you' d find at dominicks but at least you're not paying as much for it.Love the pricetag, I do, but you should only buy what you can eat in the next 2 days or so.
STAY AWAY FROM THE STRAWBERRIES. and the grapes, and probably the blueberries and raspberries, which I'm afraid to buy.
You should never have to be AFRAID to buy produce from a fruit market, but what the hey, it's dang cheap.
Good thing my fridge is on the smaller side...but I've learned my lesson a long time ago about going to town at Stanley's.

They have been having a special on california navel oranges, so I've been buying a bag full every week.
If you're willing to stand for a few minutes to pick them out, they're pretty tasty.
I think they were 7 for a dollar last week.
I know, I'm shameless.

The organic bananas didn't taste quite right--not as good as some other places that charge the same price.

Overall, Stanley's is worth the frequent trips for their prices, as long as you remember not to overfill your cart.
And if you're not a produce fiend that's willing to spend at Whole Paycheck.Prices can't be beat but there are some things you need to know.
Wouldn't go on the weekends cause it is just way too crowded(except Sunday night) Make sure you check the produce and plan to use what you get.
Shelf life at home is not that long cause this stuff is fresh to "past fresh" Quality can be very inconsistent and summer months are much better than winter.

This is a great place to go for produce if you can do it without a list and just pick what is in the best shape.
So you wanted to get squash and had to settle for zucchini, there are worse problems.
Besides if you want to go to a place like Stanley's you really should learn how to improvise.
Otherwise you may find a lot of stuff going to waste.Can't beat the prices and selection.
You can get an amazing amount of fresh produce for under $10.
You can throw together most of a dinner party's produce for $20.
Cavaet: When you buy your produce at Stanley's, plan to consume it within a few days.This place gets four stars solid.
If there was any type of customer service it would probably just about get five but I do not come here for, "Hi, how are you today", or "Bye thanks for coming in".
The produce is inexpensive, like a third to a half of what you would normally spend at grocery stores.
There is a good selection of fruits, vegetables, dairy products, some dry goods, and a deli.
I will happily pick through bins of produce to find what is good.
There are also a lot of other people who do the same, so I just spend a little more time rinsing off at home, the produce, that is.
As far as this place being clean?
I am kind of a sanitation freak and would not even set foot in the door if I was at all worried.
Bottom line...this place has great prices and with a few extra minutes, you can get really good produce.People are delusional if they think this place is great.
I have given this place at least 5 chances, and everything I buy there is a disappointment.
Everthing rots within 1-2 days.
No wonder it is so cheap!
It's disgusting.Oh Stanley's you've let me down on occasion but i keep coming back for more.
Stanley's is a great place to fill your fruit and veggie needs.
Great deals too.
Usually good tasting fruit but every once in a while you'll get a bad one.
Oh and try their homemade guacamole - its almost as good as mine.. and mine is pretty great, just to let ya know.I really do heart this place!
I do not have a lot of dough and I'm always looking for a good deal.
Stanley's has yet to let me down on price and quality.
Granted you can pay more for fruit and vegetables that might last longer, but I am very happy with the taste of this produce and the price is amazing.Stanley's is wonderful!
Prices are very very low, you can leave with a weeks worth of fruits and veggies for only $10.00.
I agree with everyone else that they may not last long, but really what fruits and veggies do.
So buy what you need for a week and don't overbuy.
It's hard not too overbuy because it's so cheap!
I recommend 100%!!I love Stanley's, however, I know what to buy and how to buy it.
If you are purchasing anyting in a container, such as cherry tomatoes, raspberries, strawberries, flip the container over and check how things look at the bottom.
Very often the fruit/veggies on the bottom of a container is rotten and moldy.
It's really disgusting to get home and pick through a strawberry container only to end up tossing 75% of what's in there due to being moldy and rotten.
When fruits and veggies are in bins outside, most often you should stay away from them (with the exception of squash, watermelon, etc..anything that has a "shell" seems to be okay).
Stay far away from bags of potatoes.
Twice I have purchased 10 lb. bags of potatoes to watch them go rotten within a couple days.
There's always condensation in the bags...that's an indicator of something wrong.
You'll do better by purchasing potatoes by the pound individually.
The shelf life of most of what you'll buy here is relatively short.
Don't stock up on stuff because in a few days if you haven't consumed it, you will just end up tossing it in the garbage

On a good note, there's plenty of great, cheap stuff here that is worth the trip!
Bananas are cheaper than just about anywhere else in Chicago.
In the summer months, the in season fruit is great.
Corn on the cob - fantastic!
Oranges, apples, peanuts, bread, coffee, spices, a variety of vinegar....all great!I LOVE YOU STANLEY'S.
My only gripe about you is that I cannot eat my super cheap and fresh veggies and fruits faster than I can buy them.
With farmer's market season here I won't get to see you as much, but I will still sneak in frequent visits.I only recently discovered the awesomeness that is Stanley's.
I have seen it for years but never stopped in.
Now I make a weekly pilgrimage there.
Lots of choices.
Fresh stuff.
CHEAP!
Guacamole to die for.
Yep, good stuff.You can find some really great deals such as a huge box of overripe mangos for only $3!Stanleys gives me the old world vibe where you go to individual stores for each of your needs.
Sure in modern day society who really has time to go to the butcher, the vegetable store, the fruit store, the bakery, yadda yadda yadda... but stanleys offers unbeatable prices when it comes to our veggie and fruity friends.
It maybe kind of like a thrift store of sorts but you still can't beat a bargain.
The best thing about stanleys to date is the last time i went there I got hit on by a guy using the line "so do you come here often????"Stanley's is my best friend and savior all at once.
Not really, well, maybe, hehe.
Not only is their organic selection bountiful but it's cheap too.
I'd only recommend buying what you're going to eat within a couple days though - or, and even better, educate yourself on knowing what certain fruits and vegetables should look like when they are fully ripe - that way if you want to buy some produce for the next week, stay away from those.oh Stanley, oh Stanley... what happened to you. you used to be so small and cute... now you're all grown up and everyone wants to be your friend :(

...this place used to be half the size, have asbestos tile looking floors that looked like they weren't cleaned in weeks... and had a charm to it. now they've cleaned it up, doubled (tripled?) it in size, and the place has an endless line of 10-20+ people at any given time...
A few of the changes are welcome (they now have organic produce, too)..
But I miss the old Stanley's a lot.
You could run in and grab a few things and be out in 4 minutes.
Now it's an event that you have to plan your day around.

Also, the last two times I've been there they didn't have items I needed in stock... yet then I went to Jewel or Dominick's and *they* had it in their produce department, which is 1/3 the size of Stanley's.

Though you can still go in and get 3 bags of fresh produce and not pay more than $15.
So for that I love it.Fresh produce, extremely cheap prices.
Organic eggs are $2.50/dozen.I go to Stanley's once a week for assorted organic veggies and usually a couple random fruits.
The veggies seem to last throughout the week and I can usually get my fix for between $8-15.
Five stars all day.So I kept hearing about how amazing this place was so I went to check it out.
I was disappointed with their avocados.
They were a super weird texture and didn't taste right.
Some of their stuff is pretty cheap, but not all of it.
They mark up weird stuff like tomatoes and oranges, but have some cheap watermelons and stuff.
Make sure you familiar with what you should be paying for produce before you go here.There is no place in Chicago, other than Stanley's, where you can load your cart u to the top with fruit and veggies and get out for $40 or less.As a produce nerd, I LOVE Stanley's!!!
Yes, some things can go bad quickly, but I've bought lots of produce that out-lasts whatever else is in my fridge - it's just hit or miss.
The selection is good, there's tons of organic stuff, Natural Ovens bread for cheap.Stanley's is great for those who love to get creative in the kitchen.
The produce is cheap, and the cheapest of it needs to be used within a couple days.
The beauty of this is that you buy things you normally wouldn't, and you have to concoct a way to use it all.
Stanley's has greatly broadened my produce-eating perspective, and I love it!
Diligence is required, though--check your 89 pint of berries for spots of mold, etc.
But hey, they're cheap as sh*t!
One of the many ways shopping at Stanley's is unlike shopping at Jewel.What else can I say except they have great, fresh produce at an unbelievable price.
I love shopping here!I loathe this place.
Bring a taser with you to move people with their 8 kids out of the way or to fight off the leaches that swarm around you when you're picking through some pieces of fruit to put in your bag.
I have never been to this place and enjoyed my shopping experience.
It is seriously like wal-mart on black friday every single day.
They have great specials but anything that's not on special is way overpriced.
The fruit is often old or bruised and you have to dig to find the good ones.
Besides produce they don't have much and you wait in line forever.
I would rather go to Tony's Finer Foods, Aldi, or Andy's Fruit Ranch.
They have better selection, better prices, and you aren't tempted to punch a fellow shopper.Stanley's is like a madhouse, and wow do their cashiers work hard, they never get a break!
The line is usually LONG, any evening.
Luckily, they have a large parking lot.
They are popular because prices are really good and there is wide selection.
It's not uncommon to walk out with a whole bunch of produce to last you a week and only pay 20 bucks.
They have a deli now, which is of no interest to me since I don't like meat, but just wanted to point out they have other things- pita bread, hummus, great Intelligensia coffee, milk, cheese, even ice cream.This place has incredible prices on fresh fruits and veggies.
I love the convenient parking lot too!
Just be warned that the produce does not have the shelf life of your regular supermarket fare.
It is perfect if you are having a party and want to cut some expenses, just don't go too far in advance!This place is cheap but fresh and good!
Sometimes the fruit/vegetables go bad a little faster, but who cares with the prices.sweet potato chips fresh from the machine make me put my hands upI've been on the prowl for a fruit and veggie shop to replace my standby that I left when I moved here, and Stanley's (while a bit out of the way from where I live) has filled this void.
I LOVE IT!

Nothing beats low priced, high quality fruits & veggies.
I'm a firm believer that good produce comes in all shapes and conditions, and the shiny, waxed covered apple that is the perfect shape and hand selected for Americans who "must have it that way" is all that is wrong with healthy eating.

A dent or an occasional piece of fruit that isn't perfect is nothing to get your panties in a bunch over.
It's natural, and not stuffed with preservatives and sealed tightly in a cardboard box.I just moved here from Hyde Park and Hyde Park Produce sets a pretty high bar.
The selection was good, as were the prices (great specials and cheap tofu), but the produce definitely wasn't up to the quality of that sold at HPP.
Still, it's a far better option than any of the chain grocery stores and I'm happy to have it in the neighborhood.Fabulous find. great fresh fruits and vegetables-even organic. so cheap too. the catch is you have to dig- the quality greatly varies.Best ever!!!!
If you are like me, a wanna be vegetarian, or you are trying to get more produce into your diet, then Stanley's is the place for cheap, but quality food.
For $25 bucks I purchased: apples, eggplant, fresh salsa, strawberries, asparagus, tofu, homemade sweet potato chips, yellow squash, zucchini squash, spinach and blueberries!!!!
Do not try to go after work or around 6PM, the store is packed with a bunch of 25-40 year olds on serious health kicks! :)Great fruit and vegetable market.
Convenient with a parking lot.
You will find great prices here as well but sometimes some of their produce can be very very overpriced.Stanley's is awesome.
Cheap prices, great selection.
Just make sure you check over your produce before you check out.....a lot of it can be hit or miss as far as quality goes.
I regularly would walk out of there with 6+ bags for under $20!I've been going here for a few years now.
If you drive, good luck! well that is mostly on the weekends but nights can get pretty crowded.
I like coming on off times whenever possible.
Everything is SO CHEAP! and really, half of the produce is in better shape than Jewel and Dominicks any day.
I can walk out with tons of produce for half of what I would pay elsewhere.
I dont get much dairy from here, but I have gotten some cheese and eggs before.
Make sure to check the expiration dates though.
I have seen some past the sell dates a few times.
I will aways come back!!After living in West Palm Beach and frequenting Rorabeck's and the now defunct A1 produce stands, affordable produce is something I have trouble finding.
Sanley's, although quality could be better (compared to what I was used to in Florida), I can't complain with the prices.I have to agree with all the other reviews, Stanley's is awesome.
I think they have one of the freshest produce around - the inventory moves quickly.
I love the selection and as everyone has mentioned the prices for organic fruits and vegetables are amazing.I love the produce.
Watch out for the deli counter.

I asked for slices of a deli meat (and heretofore the service has been excellent, the deli products above average, and the prices awesome)

I see the attendant piling it on the scale.
Although she had had to unwrap an entirely new portion of slicing pepperoni, due to Stanley's lack of training, she had elected to start slicing from the small end.

Ok - what other product in the case was sliced from the small end?

When I said "I'm not paying for those tiny slices," she said " what am I supposed to do, put them in the garbage? no one else wants them."

I was still puzzling the logic of the whole situaton when I looked at the meat in the case and saw that (A) all had small ends and (B) all were sliced from the wide, flat, non-small end.

So she removed the tiniest slices but I retrieved the deli package with a "next time you should slice from the WIDE end."
Another customer actually rolled his eyes at me!

Why?
Let's see... because the hand guard on the slicer has spikes 1/2 inch deep?
So there's always a 1/2 inch heel to throw away, but better trained deli agents make sure that heel happens on the small end?

Because, perhaps, keeping the small end hermetically sealed (while the middle of any piece is open from the opening of the packaging) helps keep the piece of meat fresh?

This IS minor and they did give me the meat for free.
But seriously, would any trained deli person slice the meat from the short end and expect the customer to pay for it?
Or defend themselves from the mistake when the customers complain?

Give me a break.
I've worked in restaurants kitchens, grocery stores and I have waited tables.
Stanleys, you deserve better - make sure they get trained up.When I first moved to Chicago, I was your average joe Dominick's shopper, spending massive amounts on overpriced, sub-par produce that spoiled within a few days.
All the hipsters raved about this place, but I didn't buy the hype because I thought it was just your regular run-of-the mill produce market with a Bucktown ZIP code.
Then I actually went shopping there.
Holy moly, I think I called my mom from inside.
I felt like I was robbing the place as I left with two heavy bags full of fresh produce for about 9 bucks.
Go now.
You'll have a produce-gasm.
I can't wait to see what kind of clementine special they've got going on right this minute.Stanley's has the lowest prices on fruits in vegetables in all of Chicago.
There is no doubt about that.
However, be **very** skeptical about prices that seem too low.
On many occasions I have bought produce at impossibly low prices only to have it go bad within 1 or 2 days.
Many of their packaged items (i.e. strawberries) have mold at the bottom.
When you are at Stanley's you'll see workers going through the containers removing moldy fruit.
Of course they don't find all of it.Hoorah for cheap produce!
Boo that it's almost always too ripe to take home in large quantities.
You really have to be careful with stuff you take home from here, stuff is sometimes so ripe that it will go bad in a day.Wish I lived closer. great fresh produce, cheap prices, lots of organic selectionsstanley, i wish i lived closer to you. i wish i lived closer to you so i could show some restraint with your awesome deals. i wish i lived closer to you so i could not have to drive and shimmy my car into one of your triangular lot parking spots. i wish i lived closer to you because that way i could hang out more than once a week and all my produce wouldn't go bad by friday morning.

there are really amazing finds to be found here, but a lot of them must be eaten that night or in the following few days. it makes me feel very european. and european is classy, right? i heard some lady in there complaining loudly that some dairy product she was looking at was scheduled to expire the next day. the answer is clear, my friend. do not buy.

also a wide selection of candy and trail mix. plus plus.It's completely possible to be healthy on a budget.
People complain that it gets too expensive to order $7-10 salads at Cosi's or Corner Bakery, but all you need is a few minutes at Stanley's to whip up a gorgeous salad.
I'm a big fan of the portabella mushrooms and the asparagus that they carry.
The quality of produce is not always the absolute best, but there's no reason to feel bad because the produce costs literally mere pennies.
Just make sure to use up the produce within a few days.
It's a very no-frills produce market with ample parking and perfect location - right by Whole Foods and Trader Joe's.Stanley's produce is reasonable and fresh.
If you love to cook and use fresh herb in your cooking, you will save a ton of money buying it from Stanley's.

I've never had a problem of produce being overly ripe.
The produce will go bad in about 1-2 weeks but I'd rather have that than Dominick's apples which last months in my fridge.
Whatever chemical is used by the big stores to preserve the fruits, it cannot be good for you.My girlfriend and I can get enough of Stanley's, we can go every other day and fill up for dinner.
For less than $10 you can get enough veggies for 3 square meals.
And the other day I picked up a giant container of crushed red pepper for $5, which is the world's greatest spice.
I didn't even know that their produce didn't last simply because we are blessedly close to it: 7 minutes walking distance.
So my five star rating is definitely contingent on our proximity.OMG it's sooo good I just made guacamole dip out of produce from Stanleys.. so fresh and delicious thanks!!!!Great place for fruits and veggies!
Being a germa-phobe I'm not one to go through the open piles of spinach and mixed greens but that's just me.
It's a perfectly fine, cheep, place for all other healthy choices-be selective and go organic if you'd like.
I tend to stick to the fruits I can peel and the veggies I can wash!Stanley's is a'ite!
You can not beat these prices on fruits and veges!
They may not be the best pickin's, but they'll do, especially for the price.
It can get crowded, so try to go at off peak hours.
Stock up here and you'll be pleasantly delighted when the cashier announces the total amount.
You'll walk out with a smile.So, at first I fell in love with Stanley, but as time went on I realized I couldn't eat all the veggies and fruit's I was buying in one day.
They have a huge organic selection, but it doesn't last more than two days.
It does save a ton of money though.
If your making a recipe that calls for lots of veggies, this is the place to go.
It will save you half compared to Dominick's overpriced produce.
Although I wanted to stay in love with Stanley, it just wasn't possible.
I wanted it so bad, but I'm over it now.
I still go there, just not as much.they always have tones to chose from its always super cheep and they always have all the checkout lanes open great quick place to pick up fruit dailyYou used to get enough fruits and veggies to fill your fridge for a couple of week for under $20.
Nowadays, the price is still good but the freshness is questionable.This is not your normal everyday fruits and veggie stand.
They are never out of stock and as soon as they get low on something they re-stock it.
They are well staffed, fairly priced and I have never had any issues.
Their new bathrooms are clean too.
Parking can get a bit crazy but that is the price you pay for a quality stand.I love Stanley's.
They have a great selection of produce, both organic and not, all of which is offered for crazy low prices.
Also, there's a nice deli, a pour-your-own olive oil area, fresh breads, milk, a grinding station with Intelligensia coffee ... one of the best places in Chicago!
Oh, and they have lots of bike racks and a parking lot.Stanley, I don't know how you get your organci goods so cheap and I don't really care.
Your prices are often 40% lower than Whole Foods so I will keep coming back!I'm new to the neighborhood and I can seriously say that I will not be buying my produce from anywhere else.
Everything I've gotten from Stanley's has been fresh and delicious- and inexpensive!
Every single time I check out I have to gush to the cashier about how much I love it there!I will admit that the selection at Stanley's has gone down a bit over the past few years, which I attribute largely to recent weather catastrophes, droughts, global warming, etc.
Remember last summer when it didn't rain for months on end?
That's not good for crops, folks.
Of course, I could be wrong.
In any event, Stanley's always had a good selection of your basic produce for ridiculously low prices- red peppers for less than $1/lb?
Seriously?
Organic Mesclun Greens for under $4/lb?
SERIOUSLY?!?!?!
That shit's like $10 everywhere else!
Anyway.
There's a good organic section, and some interesting dry goods as well- check out the spices, huge containers for really low prices.
As for everyone who complains about fast spoilage, produce is meant to be eaten in a few days.
After that it loses all nutritional value and most of it's flavor.
So really, you shouldn't let it sit around no matter where you buy it.
Not that I can ever manage to eat all the fruits and veggies I buy, but I don't complain about it.If the fruit and veggie prices at Jewel and Dominicks have you in a panic, give Stanley's a try.
Stanley's definitely isn't a place for a leisurely stroll.
Come with a list, load up your cart and get the heck out.
Lines can be long but the checkers don't mess around.
Have alternatives or a plan to hit the grocery store later just in case Stanley's selection isn't what you are looking for.
Produce can spoil quickly, especially those on special - they need to move them before they rot. 0.99 organic raspberries may seem to be amazing, but keep an eye out for mushy spots and fuzzy mold; some of their produce will need to be frozen or eaten within a couple days.
You can occasionally find organic for the same or even a little less than conventionally-grown.
Great selection of fresh herbs at unbeatable prices.
Overall, a great alternative if you find yourself cursing out the cantaloupe and steaming at the squash prices at the box grocers.We visit Stanley's every Sunday and stock up for the week.
Excellent quality and prices.
No more visits to Whole Paycheck for organic produce.Great Prices on some great stuff.
Produce is spotty for quality and the crowds can be overwhelming.
The Basil Olive oil in bulk is great quality for the price and a staple in my kitchen.
Best price in town on Intelligentsia coffee, but check the roast date!I honestly give Stanleys only 4 stars for the produce, variety, availability and prices because sometimes the produce is at the end of its shelf life and I used go there and get all healthy and buy a ton of stuff and end up throwing it away because it only had a few good days left.
That being said the fifth (and I would give a sixth if I could) is for their customer service.
I have gone in and wiped out their inventory of Swiss Chard in one fell swoop because my "vendors" have sent me unacceptable produce and I send it back, hence my daily runs to Stanley's for something that is peaking versus rotting.
Maybe because the guys see me there all the time, maybe because I always look crazed and frazzled, but they are like personal shoppers for me and bust out even fresher produce from the back room for me and always help me to my car.
The cashiers are always nice and the guys that work there are really helpful and have special ordered stuff for me when I've hit a wall with vendors.
And despite rising prices in the grocery store, their prices always remain relatively steady.
I go into Dominicks and laugh at the quality of their produce for the outrageous prices they charge.I am amazed and excited every time I come...only every other month or something, so this is probably why I have never become disenchanted like others.
Obviously, fresh produce only lasts a couple days and if you expect it to last longer, then you are probably used to eating the preservative loaded or under-ripe stuff anyway.
Once I got these amazing brussels sprouts here...they looked like baby cabbages and actually tasted amazing, something I never thought I would say.this is my produce place. the stuff you buy might not have the longest shelf life, but its real cheap and has a wide variety of stuff. a package of fresh basil for .99 cents, a huge thing of red wine vinegar for $2.50...worth checkin out. i go about once every week or two.Fantastic year round selection of fruits and vegetables, including a large organic section.
Parking is plentiful and prices are extremely reasonable.
I would love to see them add a "locally grown" section.first time in but def not the last time for sure...such great deals on everything except i thought the avocados and cantaloupes were a little over priced but i guess in the end it all averages out...good fresh produce for sure! i will def go back!!I buy pretty much all of my produce at Stanley's.
My father owned and operated a few grocery stores up in Wisconsin.
When he would come to Chicago for meetings, Stanley's would almost always get mentioned.
Like some people have mentioned here, some of the organic produce can go bad quickly, so don't buy too much at once!
You absolutely can NOT beat the prices at this place.
It's right on my way to Trader Joe's so it's a convenient spot for me.Nice produce selection, and their advertised (on the window) prices are often shockingly low.
The rest of the prices are nothing special, so I wouldn't come here without an agenda.i love stanley's. there's no way i'd be able to afford produce of this quality, or in the quantity i buy it, if i shopped at a grocery chain store. thank you stanley.There's no reason not to shop at Stanleys!
Great selection of fruits & vegetables.
Reasonably priced.
Lots of parking.stanley's is a godsend in a farmers-market-less winter. i've never seen this indoor fruit/vegetable stand concept in any other city. there is an extensive selection of fresh, organic produce at great prices... $.79 for organic cauliflower, $.99/lb for kiwis. i've started adding this to my weekly grocery shopping trip. they even have local specialty items like milk + honey granola and their own blend of intelligentsia coffee. i also love that they have one of those big orange juicers for fresh orange juice.I love Stanley's!
Way better price and selection than Jewel!!!Lots of deals for your groceries and a great selection on fruits and vegetables.
They also have fresh herbs.
I love the feeling of filling up my fridge with and walking out of the store with over 4 shopping bags for $20 bucks.
I like saving and this place is very reasonable.
Parking is available but is limited, I wouldn't recommend going on a weekend.I like Stanley's for the prices and the variety of produce, including organic.
There's always stuff on sale for super cheap, but it seems like the whatever is currently the cheapest is overripe and sometimes completely busted...Guess that's why it's on sale!this is the best produce market in chicago, its really cheap and all the fruits and vegetables are always really fresh. they also have a section of nuts, dried fruits and trail mixes, the chile limon pistachios from here are a personal favoriteHaving watched it evolve for at least the last 10 years, I still love it.
Fresh produce at great prices.
It is a treasure.I am a huge fan of Lincolnwood produce because they have fresh, and super cheap produce.
This place to me did not compare.
I didn't think the selection was that good and the prices were a lot more than I expected to pay.I heart Stanley's.
Much better than any of the big grocery stores in terms of selection and price, and there's a section devoted to organic produce, which is awesome.
The only reason I'm giving it four stars is that the traffic around there is a nightmare and causes me to have tourette-like outbursts.A nice place to hit it up on produce.
I recommend getting the fruit that is absolutely no where near ripe, so you can buy more, save more, and your fruit wont have bruises, and you won't have to worry about a lot other things.
Since some of the fruits and veggies are not organic, I recommend spraying it with something by the name of Citrus Cleaner, I believe, and it makes a nice difference.
Make sure you seperate your veggies from your fruits because the fruits release gas that can interfere with the flavor of your vegetables.
Now, on the other hand speaking of Stanley's, it's an okay place, although it tends to be busier at night and on weekends.
The setup is not so great, the people are not so nice, and a lot of the things don't look so good.
Must be why it is so cheap because they get the fruits shipped last, and basically that's the scraps.
So, make sure you try to get fruits that are not ripe, keep em around your house for a few days, and then eat them.
But, before you do, wash it with Citrus Cleaner.
I'm sure you can find it at Whole Foods and perhaps other markets such as Trader Joe's, Dominick's, and Jewel.
Otherwise, you might as well spray raid on your apple and ask 500 people to touch it.
Overall, Stanley's has bad service, bad setup, and is dirty, though the prices are great, and if you get fruits when they aren't ripe, your all set.
(I don't recommend the vegetables there).
