Of course there isn't as much there during the early spring and late fall (given where we live and growing seasons in the region) but they still have the local meat and cheeses and breads.
This market has all sorts of seasonal goodies (fruits and veggies) plus, as mentioned above, meats, cheeses, herbs and other local products.
I think it might expand a bit as the season goes on, but I got some nice asparagus for the grill, farm fresh eggs, and my mom enjoyed the apple cider.I loved all the pastured meat options and free range eggs.
Quite a few of the offerings were available to order and have delivered, rather than being on hand.
There were goodies ranging from handmade ice cream, to rhubarb, to apple cider donuts, to king trumpet mushrooms.
Things sold here include: Fruit (cherries, blueberries etc.) oils, vegetables, meats (pork chops, roast bratwurst, etc.) tea blends, frozen yogurt, bread (sourdough, ciabatta etc.), jelly & jam, pies, salsa, nuts, and cheese.
I went one recent Saturday and found a small number of vendors selling items from their vegetables (asparagus is in season this time of year) to breads as well as a few folks who were selling menu items.
I ended up getting a crepe from one of these folks which was made with fresh greens, mushrooms, pinto beans, and cheese.
They have a good selection of produce and a wonderful atmosphere.
And there was a nice assortment of goods available.
I didn't even know people sold meat at farmer's markets, but there were 2 different tents with different cuts of organic meats.I can't wait to see what kinds of produce are available during the summer!
It's really small and there isn't as much variety as I'm used to.
They have a great selection and atmosphere.
I really enjoyed the spinach artichoke dip, apricot- chile sauce, veggie burgers, butternut squash ravioli and blueberry lemon compote.
My favorite items from River Valley were the cranberry chutney and wild mushroom burgundy pasta sauce-deelish!!!!!!
Anyway, those are some of the goodies that I got but there were also pastries, breads, fruits, veggies and demos as well.
Excellent Variety of Vendors incl produce, Cheese, floral, Made to order omlettes & tacos using market produce, Cooking Demos, Market School education.
My top picks: the much coveted tomato jelly from Tomato Mountain Farm, triple cream brie with apricots, almonds, and honey from Brett Stamper Cheese, 8-grain bread and eggs from Bruno's organics, veggies from the oh-so-local Windy City Harvest in North Lawndale, and the trail mix scones from the Bleeding Heart Bakery.
Its still early in the growing season and I am excited to see the selection expand as more fruits and veggies become available.
Fresh fruits and veggies, breads, pastries, eggs, flowers, cheese, meat products, a taco stand and a crepe stand.
It has a great selection of produce, mushrooms and greens especially.
Guess which blue cheese I bought?!?!?); -a farmer who sold free-range chicken eggs (and had the chickens there on display for the children to see) and all cuts of pork raised on her farm; -someone selling lamb, goat, and mutton; -a very popular crepe stand with a busy man cranking out crepes seemingly through the day; -the local bike shop had a space to fix bikes on the spot (I know what I will be doing next Saturday- drop my bike off for an annual "checkup" while I shop away); -a stall with fresh herbs, greens and other vegetables (still early in the season for a lot of variety at this point); -another stall selling veg;-two different stalls selling their own salsas, sauces, and salad dressings;-a community organizer spreading the word about the upcoming "Real Men Can Cook" eventI am sure I am forgetting at least a couple of things- but the point is, there is a great amount of variety.
Good selection of produce - great apple cider in the fall!
