And if I'm lazy, there's always plenty of parking nearby.
And whether I bike or drive, I get to head home through nearby Jackson Park which always puts a smile on my face.
The vendors were pleasant and friendly, if a bit fewer in number than I anticipated.
Fairly pricy, but you get what you pay for, I suppose.PARKING TIP: There is a UChicago parking lot at 61st and Kenwood, behind the AT&T building, that does NOT require a parking permit on weekends.
Probably not the brightest idea to share this, given that I sometimes have to park there myself due to the chaos, but there you go.
There's cheese, bread, and fresh flowers. parking is good and it is not crowded.
This farmer's market is so cute and friendly.
It's in a nice peaceful spot right behind a community garden.
Easy to find parking!
SO glad we have such a great market on the south side!!!!It says on this page that they don't accept credit cards, but that's not true.
There's a station where you can give your credit card and get farmers market cash in return.
It's small but there are some great people and great finds here!
Great intimate community Farmer's Market.
It's on its way to becoming a smaller version of the organic mecca Green City Market in Lincoln Park, but it has that close-knit Hyde Park community feel that really warms my heart.
Because it's not as crowded as other markets, you really get a chance to talk to the farmers, which is great.
And the community garden is fantastic.
What a amazing little secret tucked in a little corner in Woodlawn.
They even have a market dollars service, where you can purchase coupons with a debit or credit card, a great service for someone like me who rarely has much cash in his pocket.
A super great place to get fresh fruits & veggies and other items as well.
Friendly people and a great way to support a small business Great farmers market to have in the neighborhood.
It's small enough to keep busy but not to a point of anxiety.
The Michigan Honeycrisp apples are 1) outrageously priced 2) totally worth it.
In just its second year, this has quickly become one of my favorites though.Tucked away in a small section where Woodlawn meets the U of C campus, and therefore my 'hood Hyde Park, it is a location that is meant to be kept fairly small.
Just north there is a community garden center filled with all sorts of gorgeous flowers, produce, and the occasional garter snake.Extremely easy to get to (just off of LSD near the Museum of Science and Industry) with unlimited street parking and tucked away in a really lovely part of town- with a lot to do and see after.
They accept LINK and will double it up to $25 which is great for a neighborhood in a food desert.
Shows what a neighborhood collective can accomplish even if you find yourself on the less desirable side of town.
There are many more vendors than its first year, and the prices, while still high, are within reason.
