I also found the staff to be very nice and helpful.
The shop is old and the shopkeepers are extremely friendly and willing to answer any questions you may have regarding their live animals for slaughter.
I felt gratitude for my bird's life and you can't find that at your local Jewel Food Store.
Great service and also very fast.
I rolled over on Sunday and found easy parking on Chicago Ave.
Street parking is free on Sunday, so I felt like today was going to be my day.
He asked if I wanted " big or small."
I said small.
I nearly tripped over my big girl pants in terror.
Your nose may be a bit hot from the smell, but if you are a meat eater you aren't going to beat the service or the price.
The staff butchers halal which my customers appreciate very much.
The pricing is reasonable, and the staff are excellent.
Fred and Wally are super friendly shop keepers and make the (intimidating) process of buying, butchering, and cooking a formerly live chicken as easy as possible.
Hard to believe people would leave Yelp reviews about a place without actually sampling the product.
There is slaughter of live animals in the middle of a major urban area occurring here.
My parents used to patronize places like this when I was a kid.
The shop owners are extremely friendly helpful & knowledgeable about butchering humanely.
If you can't stand strong poultry odors, this place is not for you.
It's pretty jarring to see so many live chickens right in West Town.
On top of that, I'd sooner eat one butchered here in a small local business using old fashioned methods rather than in some massive scary processing plant hundreds of miles away.
So this is why it troubles me that the live chickens here are crowded into stacks and stacks of cages with the chickens practically on top of each other (think lobster tank) behind the counter.
Upon walking in you state the size of chicken that you would like.
Don't be afraid to walk in and let Sam or Fred serve you up a great bird.
The price for chicken is around $1.69lb .
Its a little more then jewel or Dominick but to me , theirs no price on healthy organic food .
