This chicken is FRESH and it tastes so much better than any of the stuff that you find in the grocery stores.
All that aside, it is worth is for the best and freshest chicken around.
Chicken and eggs are delicious and the people are really nice, too!When I first went, I was a bit intimidated.
You can really taste the difference in quality.
Thank you for keeping the tradition of fresh local food alive.
I needed a whole fresh chicken for this recipe and I had no clue where to.
Wow was he delicious!
The best place to get healthy poultry.
After finally getting fed up with the quality and price of Jewel, the hunt began for better meat.
Then I walked into this place and the shoulder high counter made no effort to conceal the floor to ceiling chickens.
While I was nervous because shit got real real, I must say the chicken was delicious!
All their stuff is Amish organic, do the fridge thing and you'll have the best poultry you can get in the city.
The chickens look different than a grocery store chicken because they're not weighted down by oversized breasts, and they taste different too.
They're so much better and fresher!
Other pluses: - Capons and turkeys at holidays - Fresh, super cheap, organic eggs - Quail eggs (if you're into that) Support a neighborhood business, eat well, and save money.
They have fresh live chickens, turkeys, and ducks for sale for food.
I like the idea of fresh chickens in the city, but it really sucks being near this place.(Not to mention, it seems to attract an unusually large group of rats in the alley.
Incredible staff and great livestock.We get our turkeys from here every year for Thanksgiving.Pricier than a frozen one but a billion-times better taste and whatever.Also, it really makes you appreciate meat and where it comes from.
No, they don't practice santeria here but you can get some rather fresh chicken here.I admit I am used to getting my chicken on a plastic tray wrapped in plastic wrap.
You order your chicken live and it is weighed and then slaughtered.The chickens are billed as organic Amish birds.
The owner also gave tips about working with fresh chicken, you have to let it sit, chill to relax the muscles its best to cook it the day after or after at least 2 hrs refrigeration.They also have eggs, quails, ducks, rabbits, and around festivities, turkey.Overall I am a big fan and I should come more often.
She was delicious!
We can't sell live chickens *and* sell cut chickens.
But, if you like fresh and juicy...when cooked right that is, this place is for you.
My understanding is that a freshly butchered chicken is orders of magnitude better than what you can get at the supermarket.
At the same time, the store touts that they sell poultry that is both "organic" and "Amish."
And just because the animals might have been sourced from an organic farm doesn't necessarily mean that they're receiving organic feed once or humane conditions in the store.
Are they still organic then?
Do they arrive at the store as chicks or full-grown?
Anyway, like I said, I'm torn because organic, Amish chicken butchered locally is better than commercially produced poultry for so many reasons, and yet somehow the store doesn't seem to be living up to its promises.If I get the opportunity to purchase from there, I'll write an update.
It is the freshest chicken you can get in the city.
It is some of the juiciest and flavorful chicken I have ever had and its cheaper than going to Jewel or Dominicks.
You will taste a difference in there chicken , In the other post Elaine H posted they didn't have any chickens , I always find chicken when i go there , once on thanksgiving day i was late on buying a turkey and they didn't have any left .
I gave alliance 5 stars based on there great friendly atmosphere , there product of course , and of course healthy Amish chicken , Also , on the Jewish holiday they have a rabbi come in and butcher the chickens because they don't sell pork .
