Very small and not a huge selection, but just having a place for fresh, quality eggs and Amish butter is excellent.
Best meat, it's so fresh , it's far from me but it worth it!
Fresh,FreshFresh!
The products that were available were high quality.
Great for those who like to "hunt" their food to be in the most natural state and freshest possible.
While small, the store offers a great organic selection for those nearby and don't want to pay crazy high prices at the big stores.
Love getting my farm fresh organic cAge free eggs!!!!
The butter is amazing, so happy I don't have to drive to Wisconsin for it.
Have not had any bad vegetables or cheese from here.
They have local and organic produce, from Illinois and Wisconsin.
Their array of local goats milk products is really impressive, I sacked up and tried some goats milk keifer....frigging delicious.
The butcher counter is likewise very impressive, I am completely intimidated by the fresh duck and trout.
Your Idaho potatoes are inferior, look at them with disappointment.
Fresh organic produce, grass-fed meat and dairy, organic honey, Himalayan salt, organic whole spices, tea, coffee and they also make some traditional Polish products like galetka (sp?) and kiska (blood sausage or think black pudding)...it's honestly a thrill every time I'm there.In all honesty I will tell you that I purchased their grass-fed eggs there that I'm assuming are pasteurized (being sold retain and all) and although they were extremely yummy they did not compare to my raw grass-fed eggs I usually get at the farm.
Nevertheless, they are still better quality than in a mass marketed store.The kiska was phenomenal, the cherry tomatoes succulent and sweet, the mushroom fresh and firm.
My family is going there for almost a year ,we love the products, everything is fresh and it last longer , meat is always fresh and you can taste the difference!
Always fresh food and veggies; awesome whole grain bread.
I saw organic apples for $1.50 a lb.
Homemade jelly, butter and organic milk are awesome!
I don't mind paying little bit more for healthy food.
