An awesome little place to buy decent food at reasonable prices.
A lot products from regular stores with very high price.
Whole Foods is price and this is much better.
This place is great!!
Staff was a little cold but helped when I asked for it.
The prices are extremely fair to say the least.
It's a great little store for the area.
Not to mention some of the people who shop in the store are rude and have no manners.
Oh and the price for everything in the store is just right!!!!
The staff is not very helpful or very friendly.
I love supporting local businesses but this place is a little overpriced on their veggies even if they are organic.
When I walked in there were two employees who barely spoke any English and only one customer.
I browsed around, but the store is pretty small so it was a short trip.
Picked up a couple things and headed to the register where I proceeded to wait for the next 10 minutes while they stocked their fridge with meat in the interim 4 or 5 more customers walked in and they quickly ran to take care of them while I continued to wait.
Before I left the store I realized of the 4 items she had only given me 3 charging me for the eggplant but forgetting to bag it leaving it on the scale.In the future I'll just hit up a local Mariano's, whole foods or traders joe's for better prices and quicker customer service.
There is also a very nice selection of smoked & cured sausages.I would recommend anyone to check this local family owned place out.
JUST GREAT STORE!
Pricing is in range of Jewel Osco .
Stop by and give this small; family owned business a try!
I stumbled across this wonderful little store just yesterday and it was doing a good business for a Sunday afternoon.
It was real cool seeing all of the sausages hanging behind the meat counter, just like you find in European markets.
I was blown away by the good pricing.
The employees were friendly but spoke little English, which was fine by me as it enriches the experience for me.
And I don't think this place is overpriced!
