Tucked away on a little side road about a mile down the way from a huge theme park type orchard is a 7th generation family run farm.
Perfect for adults and children, THIS orchard makes the connection between the land and family.
The hayride to and from the multiple pumpkin patches is great (and also FREE), and picking what you like is wide open.
Trust me, I already want to back to be greeted by that friendly family, and their very addictive doughnuts.
For a medium size pumpkin, it was $23.
I'm all about staying local and helping out, but when you can get a jumbo pumpkin for $6.99 from an Illinois Amish Community, it's hard to buy a $23 pumpkin that isn't half the size.
We we're just in shock and awe of the price for the pumpkins.
This is a really fun place.
Everything is priced fair.
The staff is friendly and they have plenty of things to do for the kids.
This a great place to bring the kids.
Nice to see happy healthy animals and the staff are wonderful and engaging with the little ones.
I absolutely love this place, and obviously, the people are wonderful.
THE JUICIEST PEACHES YOU WILL FIND, and this is a REAL family farm.
Geared toward children groups and families, Braeutigam Orchards runs like clockwork.
Staff members tried to accommodate us the best they could and actually asked if the group would like to re-schedule, which the day care staff declined.
The pumpkin fields themselves were a little picked over, but there was a great play area for little ones and animals to pet up front.
They also had a nice store and donuts (who doesn't like donuts?!?)
Definitely less crowded than Eckerts.
It's a much much smaller operation, but that's what makes it great!
There's a small house on the side that has baked goods - including APPLE CIDER DONUTS!
I personally would have added some buttershots or something, but maybe I have a problem.Anyway, this is a great, fantastic, family farm that you should visit if you like anything at all about fall.
Very friendly helpful staff.
Not commercial just a great place to visit.
Great family farm.
Very small but a welcome change from Eckerts.
Adorable playground and animal area that are free.
The owners are always so friendly.
The playground for kids is a great place to let their imaginations run wild.
The prices are fair and reasonable, and it feels like home to us.
It is a fantastic place for a family outing.
