They have a huge selection of both organic and regular vegetables.
You can get a variety of meat and can also choose between regular or halal chicken.
It took me forever to try to find fruit and veggies that weren't withered or moldy looking.
When you ask the workers were are typical items such as tortilla chips, they look puzzled.
Lots of fresh produce, a few other specialty items and that was it.
Not for their fine selection of organic fruits and veggies( very small selection).
They have a huge selection of amish and organic chicken.
I like this store in general because has a lot of variety in produce, meats and cheeses.
Endless selection of vegetables and fruits, some known others unknown to me.
Fresh and cheap vegetables and fruits.
The meat and seafood selections are good too.
I'd ask these new hires questions about the produce--like "Is this fresh or has it been here for a while?"--and I'd get real ignorant responses...or ones that were just outright lies.
They have a better bread selection than most big chain stores.
The pricing and selections are always great, like cheap mango, grapes, banana, cauliflower (69 cents/lb), portobello mushroom caps, etc.
And the "stench" in the meat dept....are you guys sure you weren't smelling the fish / seafood that is ADJACENT to the meat counter. #firstworldproblemsThe selection for Asian/Latino foods is awesome, too.
Many of the packaged foods skew ethnic (a wide variety, not just Mexican and Eastern European), which is fine, but not items for which I typically shop.But the dealbreaker for me is the bakery--there are no fresh baked goods in the morning.
Fresh "Angus" beef selection was large but comprised mostly of flatiron and similar at a price typical of premium cuts at other groceries.
Great produce selection.
Their selection of international foods is mind-blowing.
Their pre-made food kinda sucks but their unique selection of offerings is impressive.
They got everything you need here and great selection from around the world.
Lone good thing that I liked from my trip was that I decided to get one of the fruit juices(and my mom also did), and we split those juices between each other and liked both of them.
Dmitri P's review from December 2014 of this location, sums up a lot of the flaws I noticed from my 1st visit pretty well.I wish the beer selection was a little better, since it seemed to skew towards American macros and the main foreign macro beers.
Though there were a handful of local micros in the selection, such as Revolution and Goose Island.
Wish they'd kept the outdoor seats I recall the cafe area had when this was Dominick's, since I noticed those were no more, and the door to that former outside seating area had become an emergency exit. :( Amazing food selection and good prices.
Their selection of spices and seasonings is quite impressive.
Good selection of stuffs, huge parking lot, rlly international.
I personally was really wowed by the store and shop there weekly now to load up on fresh veggies (MASSIVE selection of produce and so many things I've never seen before I need to Google them constantly), basics (nice cheese selection, lots of local eggs), and wine.
They also started serving fresh tacos, but I haven't tried them yet.If this was my only neighborhood market, I can see that it might not meet everyone's needs, but I am finding it to be great for my needs because I'm mostly focused on fresh foods and very little meat consumption.
I got out of the store for less than $30 including tons of veggies, milk, eggs, cheese, cereal, & dried beans, rice, pasta & quinoa to stock my pantry.
There was a musty smell back near the meat counter, but there is a big selection.
That's true for a lot of the items here - if you go in wanting exactly one thing you'll pay a lot, but if you're flexible you can find very good prices on "close-enough" items.
The place is clean and well-lit, with a great selection of reasonably-priced produce and many unusual items, such as fresh hazelnuts and reliably fresh yuca roots (those found in other stores are often not fresh).
What ever you need for food and drink items you will find it here.
They always have a large selection of hot food to choose from and it is REALLY CHEAP, but most importantly VERY GOOD. im talking mac and cheese, mashed/broasted potatoes, pasta, carnitas, barbacoa, rib tips, pizza, rice pilaf, meat loaf, wings, various sausages, a salad bar, a taco bar, and a host of other shit. i don;t know how their chefs knock this shit out everyday, and manage to make it all taste so good.
The bakery serves really great goods as well, and they offer at least 25 different items (some gourmet such as pineapple-kiwi cake with real pineapples and kiwis on top; others are simple like sugar donuts). i just walked out of there with a hefty portion of rib tips, brazilian chicken legs, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, italian sausages and spanish rice pilaf all for under $12.00.
It has a great selection of produce and at great prices.
You won't find many organic or Whole Foods-esque selections, but they try with their fancy cheeses.
I don't buy boxed stuff like cereal, granola bars, etc., but I do get fruits, veggies, tortillas, some meat, and dairy products.
But if you pick through, you can usually find decent fruits and vegetables.
Decent selection of cold cuts and cheeses.
I also like their fruits and vegetables sales sometimes but, you have to be selective on that as well.
The shelf items are way overpriced but, carry a nice variety of ethnic and international products.
This store has a wide selection of fresh fruit and produce at significantly reduced prices.
They also have many unusual ethic vegetables and fruits.
Great selection of Indian/ Pakistani, Greek/ Mediterranean (great Olive Oil selection and solid pricing there), Asian and your standards.
Expansive vegetable department that is nicely displayed, well priced and good quality.Good selection on the meat department, but pricing at times is VERY HIGH and others are just about where it should be.
Many other items in produce and meat are similar.
It's the largest produce section I think I have ever seen and it has variety in there.
Cermak's is a wonderful market for produce and meats, but especially for ethnic specialties including potato salad.
Having been to all of the "preeminent" grocery stores in the city (Mariano's, Whole Foods, Trader Joe's), I can honestly say that Cermak has wowed me with its incredible selection and crazy low prices.
Nice grocery store with an awesome wine selection, superb tea selection (wild strawberry tea- delish) good hot food bar selection and a variety of different culture foods..
The other items on the shelves were overpriced.
Like a typical smaller sized ethnic market, there are a few savings on some items and then grossly overpriced everyday items.
GREAT selection of meats, produce, and cheeses galore!
Well...nearly 45 minutes of meandering up and down aisles, filled with jars, cans, packages from the whole world, what seems like a half acre of produce (some of the leafy greens looking a bit worse for wear, however), a huge meat and fish section, deli-delights...and among the various ethnic aisles, so many kinds of rice and spices (large and small packages)...I will not be shopping only there, as certain staples of our household are only found at "the Traders."
