Great store!
I bought some whipping cream and they had put the wrong price and this guy refused to honor the advertised price.
Though, some things are a little bit overpriced.
I always see great deals such as large pints of strawberries for 99 cents or the big boxes for 2 for $4.00.
Whole Foods is a five, except for prices.
We tried this as an alternative to the nearby Devon Market (smaller, but with great produce), Walmart in Skokie and Food4Less in Evanston (the local budget division of Kroger), both of which are farther away but have better prices on staples.
(Edited to Add): Looking at older reviews, I'm astonished at the number of people who urged calling the Health Department.
So pissed at myself for waiting this long to try the place...Oh and it was actually pretty cheap as well....
It's on Ridge/Pratt where a Dominicks used to be, and today on the way home with hubby, he turned in here so we could pick up ONE item that we needed for dinner.We were 1st blown away by the huge produce section, then all of the ethnic food aisles, an impressive meat section...with larger, family size packages if needed!, (Can't get those at Trader Joe's) low prices, and virtually every type of food station that my beloved Mariano's has!! (Bakey, gelato, prepared foods, pizza, sushi, salad bar, hot food bar, liquor, you name it!!)
Too bad I didn't bring a large suitcase.
However, the eggs, milk and frozen vegetables seem to be more expensive than other places Love this place.
The produce was pretty fresh, the prices quite reasonable, and the staff were genuinely helpful and nice.
If you want loyal customers, then show them good customer service: be respectful and take their complaints seriously!
I go there sometimes cuz they are the only place I can find the amazing things that I found there.
And, there is a ton of parking.
There's never a shortage of carts or parking spots so I'm very much settled to this being my go to grocery store!
Well, apparently, this place has a lot of enemies?
The prices are great, but I'm sorry if you're looking only for $15/lb grass fed blah blah.
Staff have always been incredibly nice as well.
My predictions for this place's demise were premature--it seems they always have customers and the parking lot is at least as full as when the place was a Dominick's.Two years later: I still just don't get it.
A nice addition to the neighborhood when Dominick's vacated a while back.
I bought some whipping cream and they had put the wrong price and this guy refused to honor the advertised price.
Such a fun destination.
A strong and firm representation of the diverse ethnic community that surrounds it.
Anyone who gives this place a bad review is a dufus.
Great market!
And any visit where a place feels forgettable, of course will always IMO fall on the low priority of me wanting to write a review quickly.Anyway, the prices are laughably bad here(heck, vs. even the new Tony's on Lincoln).
The prices are reasonable, and there were a lot of sales.
Produce prices r guuuud.
Meat prices r supa looooow n dey got halal n possibly kosher meats.
Prices on sum of dem 'murican guds r on the higher end but who cuuuurs.
At those prices it's no wonder that stuff sits there.
The meat is really good and we'll priced,but the bakery,no bueno I was surprised by some of the complaints here but I guess I can see how that might be - Cermak is definitely more of a world-foods place than a Mariano's, there's really no comparison between the two.
Prices are decent -- but I consider myself a smart shopper & usually stick to whole ingredients (like veggies, dried beans/grains, etc).
Like any grocery store, prices vary and you have to look for specials.
I don't eat a lot of meat so I'm not as familiar with meat prices, but as far as I could tell it seemed comparable to other stores.
They also have a big deli/prepared foods area along with a bakery.
The store was very busy but it is still big enough to move around, even with a shopping cart, which is great because they do have a lot of cool ingredients that are fun to look at.
They also had a lot of registers open and I barely waited in line, which is a lot better than Jewel.
There is ample parking, too.
Overall, though, they must be doing something right because the store was hopping & the parking lot was pretty packed.
This is the place to go for fresh, reasonably priced produce.
Meat can be expensive, but it can also be very cheap if you watch for the specials.
Prices and weekly specials are good.
Staff is helpful.
Cashiers are mostly pleasant and quick, and they have a large parking lot.
We used to be big fans of this place.
The next label down showed a packing date of 03.02.16 with a purchase price of $4.07.
Packing date 02.26.16 with a selling price of $4.41.
In my opinion, this place is disgusting and this is a health hazard.
They're rejects and look like dog scraps.
Lamb chops are VERY expensive.
Rotisserie chicken is priced about average, steak/ beef a tad on the higher side (but really nicely butchered) and pork pricing is spot on with the seeming average in Chicago.
Pricing on dairy and specialty is on-par with Whole Paycheck as are the wines/ beer.I appreciate what they are trying to do and I look forward to great things from here, but I'd like to see their pricing get just a bit more in line than floating somewhere between Jewel/ Whole Foods.
I absolutely believe in supporting local business and i'll be checking in on them soon.
Prices on fresh food here are astonishingly low compared to the bigger chain stores.
All fall, they have had Michigan Honey Crisp Apples for $.99/lb or even $.79/lb while Jewel has them "on sale" for $2.99/lb down from a regular price of $3.99/lb.
The bakery is great to me.
It has lots of ethnic offerings and is less expensive than others.
I got a box of a small local brand of sour cream glazed donut holes for 2.22 that are really good.
I like that the hot foods on the buffet have different prices.
The music is really good too. world beat stuff.
The potatoes are well-cooked, the dressing is flavorful and the price is reasonable.
The store has improved since; an occasional small problem with fruit has been fixed, among others - whence my fifth star.
I used to shop at their Kedzie store when I lived in that neighborhood.
Very clean, The guy who help me to my car was name was George D. And he was very friendly and had great customer service skills!!
The prices compare to the discount produce places like Stanley's but within a full-service grocery store.
Also, the store employees were rude, and could not provide any answers to the questions I had asked about the store.
Perhaps most disturbing was the atmosphere, particularly the music.
The whole place has the feel that the teens working there are running the place and it's their party that you're at.
The music was blasting at 10am...playing a mix of hispanic music, 80s hair bands, hip-hop, and kiddie-pop...all at party levels.
I hate how most grocery stores have that super bright neon lighting that is very artificial and so in your face.
The lighting here is warm and inviting along with the layout which is very appealing and makes great use of the space.
The chalkboard type price signs boarded by wood are a nice touch.
SUPER friendly staff - everyone I interacted with was upbeat and more than willing to assist with anything I needed.
Prices are higher than jewel, i prefer Dominicks, at least they had better costumer service.
This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood; the care taken in creating the space (open and airy - very different from the dark and dreary Dominick of old) will be rewarded by the community, I dearly hope.
