This has always been my place to shop for great produce plus it's cheap.
The produce was extremely picked over and what they had left was not fresh.
Lots of ethnic food, including Indian, Mexican, and Eastern European, great fresh meats, but floral is negligible and American canned and packaged goods are overpriced, with few store brands.
This review would rate three stars had we not purchased two pint boxes of fresh strawberries yesterday at the head of the produce section, on sale for ninety-nine cents apiece.
Since we live in an area where ethnic foods and produce like good fresh berries or jicama are easy to find, this place holds no particular advantage for us.
I always vaguely assumed that Cermak Fresh Market was a lot like Stanleys.
Produce, spices, dried fruits and nuts, grains galore.
As I mentioned, it's the same space that Dominicks was in, yet now it seems a lot bigger.We toured the store, salivating over fresh sushi, and giant cupcakes and huge, fresh cheesecake slices, both for $1.99 each!
But if organic is not your thing OMG their fruit and veggies go on for days!
Fresh boars head meat and cheeses.
But yesterday I bought mangoes with the brand of NAU and as you can see in the pictures the quality is inaceptable.
The store offered a credit for the bad mangos but this quality is just not what should be on a fruit.
Produce is good and cheap.
Then about a year ago, the product quality started declining, and management started hiring unknowledgeable and indifferent staff.
No one needs to tell you how poor quality your produce is when it's totally obvious: cucumbers that are completely dry and stiff inside; bananas that are totally soft and mushy even before then turn yellow; oranges that are green and juiceless; tomatoes that are underripe with white flesh; fish that smells really fishy!
I guess, sir, quality no longer matters at your Cermak anymore.
In my opinion, the poor product and lousy service is clearly a reflection of your bad management.I now go out of the way to shop at other grocers, where I get far better quality product and proper service.
A very good store, with lots of International Foods.
Valli Produce is a great store too, but I think this is better.
The fresh produce is super cheap.
The delicious yellow tomatoes I'm obsessed with are 3 dollars cheaper here than in Mariano's- same brand and weight.
Not really.The produce is slightly more expensive than Mariano's, though of comparable quality.
They sell fresh juices such as orange, carrot-orange, beet-carrot-apple, and pineapple-orange-papaya (yum).
Great shopping for offal fans, though, which I am not.So then, I'm thinking, maybe I can find some tasty veggies for the grill... nope.
I noticed other flaws here such as the produce not looking as good as I was hoping it'd be, and some of the other cases(i.e. bakery, meat) looked ho-hum and average to me.
I did sample something in the bakery(forget what it was), and sadly it tasted average to me.
I also appreciated how healthy the produce looked and the ethnic food offerings.
The cake has no taste,and the frosting isn't even a good stable whipped topping.
I would say the prices do vary, but I've found the produce pricing to be quite competitive with my local Jewell but with higher quality/selection.I had originally shopped at the Cermak out in Naperville and grew to like the funky vibe of the place.
Not as high quality or variety as Whole Foods but it'll do.
Produce is usually great and the prices are great for fresh food.
It was $3.00 per pound, quite pricey IMO, so I was expecting a healthy chicken.
I will not be buying any more chickens there, nor any "organic" vegetables after this experience.
That's a lot of different food to prepare twice a day.... i've tried most of it on any given day, and the food is ALWAYS tasty, and not just tasty for a supermarket, but like actually taste really fucking good! i never have to throw anything away. i'd much rather come here and spend $3.00 for a hefty plate of closely tasting home-cooked food, than go to a restaraunt and spend nearly five times as much for less options and less portion.
Way better tasting than the food bars at corporate chains like Whole Foods and Mariano's. this market didnt show up on a YELP area search. so Im giving a shout out for them. we are on vacation and Ridge ave is a major street we pass by to get to Lake shore drive. complete super market fresh produce. only negative they charge for bags do BYOB CFM makes grocery shopping fun again.
High-quality, beautifully arranged produce and a friendly, knowledgeable staff - especially at the butcher shop!
I was wowed by the produce section and really impressed by the international flair that this store has-more items than any other store I've shopped at in Chicago.
Purchased a 2-steak sale pack, cooked it simple on the grill to medium rare, and it tasted pretty grisly.
WARNING to all shoppers.The quality of their produce is so bad that I really believe it is dangerous.
They look good from outside but they have no taste and change color too fast which makes it dangerous.
Think about it they are selling you the produce at the low price but they might be putting your health in danger.
The produce isn't the best.
Now, the top label said the cheese has been packed on 03.02.16 and had a selling price of $4.48.
It does not seem to be quality meet.
I bought a package of pork country ribs and found them to be of very low quality.
In the store, I'm guessing the meat department only showed the better side for consumers, I was tricked.
The store is absolutely amazing!
The quality is excellent especially considering the price.
I was iffy when I first went to the salad bar because the food didn't look too fresh.
I am not big on buying meat and will usually get something local and humane so I will look for that when I get the craving.
I will never pay the 6 or 7 dollars at other stores for pounds of the veggies and potatoes.
It's worth an extra dollar for organic milk to have all the other stuff and it feels like a Chicago place, very local and multi ethnic...the buffet is a can't miss for spicy, tasty lunch and dinners to go, looking forward to exploring the staples more....
Given that the German heritage of Milwaukee made great use of potato salads, it's not surprising to find it served in many restaurants and available at the deli section of many grocery stores in this city.
Love this place has very fresh produce, Great craft beers and the Owner Taso was extremely nice.
The produce is not so fresh and there was such an odd smell coming from the meat department.
The produce section here is the best in the city; they even had Cherimoya, which no other store I've been to had.
I would have given this store a 5 star but some of the everyday products( like milk) are more expensive than other stores.
Those high hopes turned to disappointment, when I looked at the produce, which was poor quality.
I'll happily pay the extra $$ at Whole Foods and/or Mariano's.UPDATE: Just went to make the whole chicken that I bought.
