This is a great little farmer's market.
The prices are a bit high, but like someone else said on here, it is supply and demand.
They are fairly reasonable though.Overall, if you haven't been here, you should try it!
Glad I finally found a nice farmer's market in Chicago.By the way, the biggest produce vendor does accept credit cards which is nice.
Big on charm but small on substance.
However the most I have ever purchased is a scone or cookie, the prices on the produce always seemed a little higher than the better deals in The Corporations.
However I am in support of The Idea of these great little markets, they have so many good finds on average, and this one is an oasis in an otherwise bland concrete jungle of a neighborhood.
We especially like the friendly folks from Klug Farms and the cheese vendor.
Oh what a lovely place!
BUT it was still a great expierence.
It's not huge which I love b/c I see the same people all the time - just the neighborhood people.
This is a great start to a Saturday morning, grab your reusable back, the dog and a coffee, and go out to shop with the locals!
This is a small, neighborhood market, organized by a company that sets up farmers markets in Paris.
OMG to cute to boot!
Everyone is so friendly and helpful and the prices are define.
I know a lot of people say they've noticed a price increase in items because of the economy well not here!
I'm from a smaller town and this little market reminds me of home!
The big produce stand is great and accepts credit cards, but make sure to check out the bread folks (olive bread) and the cheese stand (string cheese and cheese curds), great stuff.
Pros: Convenient location, fresh fruits and vegetables, competitive prices, satisfaction from buying fresh food at a local market.Cons: Slightly small.I really like this small and sweet lil neighborhood market.
The place is small so there are just 1-2 stalls per item.
A bigger place would probably give more options.
The prices are comparable to those at whole foods (which is where I usually shop), a couple of veggies seemed slightly higher but others were almost equally or even slightly lower priced.
Fresh food, friendly vendors, and right by my apartment!
What a cute lil farmers market!
Cute and quaint.
They had some yummy fruits and veggies at affordable prices.
So glad to see this place is nearby.
This market is not that big but packs a lot of punch.
Best prices are at the end of the day when the farmers will negotiate on the prices.
