The prices, in my opinion, are slightly higher compared to a grocery store but you get to buy from local farms.
My favorite places are the Amish bakeries (they have donuts, bread, pies, etc) and the mushroom farm (vegan tamales, ravioli, veggie burgers).
I bought a head of broccoli at one of the vendors and there were small, green caterpillars.
Friendly busy place lots of vendors, you have so many different choices of food and products to choose from.
It's fun to escape the office and walk around to sample the different foods (I always snag a taste of the tofu samples).As with a lot of the farmers market, it's pretty much the same vendors that are at all the other farmers markets around the city.
It's not as crowded as a lot of other markets, so you can get the personal attention they lack.
Everything is so reasonably priced.
Listen to good music.
I pass by they have like Google festival and computer scienceAlso see ppl setting having their lunch on the areas w/tables and chairs then the fountain is very relaxing Another great part of this great city is the various farmers markets.
Great people watching.
There's a guy that makes AMAZING cakes and has samples out to tempt customers even further.
This is a great place to get lunch if you are downtown.
What an adorable little market!
The prices weren't bad either.
Green City Market isn't convenient for me and this place is the next best of the city markets, in my eyes.
Wonderful ratio of garlic to parmesan, and if consumed within 24 hours, a great texture as well.
They do a good job of filling the plaza and attracting a good crowd.However, the prices are pretty much doubled across the board, compared to what I would pay at any farmer's market at home in California.
They serve food, are good people, and have a great selection for a small space in the city.
The energy is great here, and the market is much more extensive than some of the little neighborhoods ones.
Bike parking on the perimeter.
It is pretty big!
They have pretty much everything you'll see at a weekend neighborhood market, but with fewer crowds, strollers and kids, which in my book is a huge bonus.You only have a few more weeks to partake so hustle your butt over there!Thursdays.
Do I sense you getting a little "green"?
Lots to choose from, great vendors & the prices are very decent.
This farmer's market is more expensive than others and what you can buy at the store, but I think it's worth it every now and then to support local farmers.
Such a fun place to go to on your lunch!
Not I! (Though they did seem offended when I declined a free sample of a doughnut.)And it's all so CHEAP!
And, a big plus, they offer samples!
Its fun to browse and people watch, even if you don't plan on making purchases.
I gave the cute boy at the booth a $5 bill and told him to keep the change, so he gave me a pretzel roll...*blush* Great bread AND flirting?
The people all look at her, she is obviously new to such a gathering, so she stands and turns to the crowd to utter these words: Hi, my name is Unity O and...(pauses nervously), uh well, and I am Farmers Market Whore!!
The crowd erupts in applause and shouts "WELCOME" in unison.
It seems to get crowded during the lunch hour and how lucky are the folks who work near here?!?!?!
Since it is mainly a work crowd here, one major bonus: NO STROLLERS, thank goodness!!
I still managed to head on over to the market and it was very crowded but still had enough space to walk around comfortably. *Quick note: Yuppie parents, for the love of Zesus please, PLEASE, quit bringing those damn wide ass, double-decker, pimped out strollers to places you damn well know are gonna be crowded!
This is a great little farmer's market.
This would be a great place to pick up a nice, light breakfast before work.There were a good amount of vendors at the market, which was nice so I shopped around for the best prices on my fruits and veggies.
I found the prices to be pretty reasonable, less than the Green City market.
Overall I'd definitely return to this market because the prices are right and the produce is impeccable.
The bouquet of sunflowers was only $1... where else can you buy beautiful flowers at that price in the city???
If lucky, you can snag a spot on one of the benches; eat lunch, hangout, or people watch.
It's a great place for people watching.
As a kid, I despised eating vegetables (well, I did like one or two things) and here I am buying stuff I did not like when I was young.
My theory does not always turn out as expected - still crowded.
Some of the vendors are a little overpriced, so you have to bargain shop a little.
If you go there every week, like I do, you get to know which stand to go and get the best price.
Being Christmastime I was told by some locals I had to make it a point to see the big Christmas tree and sample some homemade goodies.
Parking was 20 bucks, a cookie was 7 and some children's mittens for 15.
It's cute, it's fun, it's centrally located and a nice spot to take a break from work on a Thursday.
However, let's be honest - everything is way overpriced (even higher prices than Whole Foods in some cases!) so spend your $$ wisely.
If you can come before lunch it isn't very crowded, and you can sample everything.
All the vendors I bought from or chatted with were friendly and helpful.
Also...for you parents, all of the vendors were so kid friendly.
It's a great way for the thousands of people working in the city to conveniently take a break during the day.
I sometimes buy the berries as well if they look good and aren't too expensive for a farmer's market price.
I save so much money when I get my produce and other food here because it's soo much cheaper! the lilys at the flower stand will last you over a week and the guy is super nice. any of the ones on the ground are fragrant ones and the ones on the table are not. the tomatoes are always killer--one guy located in the middle has heirloom and will give you a sample if you're uncertain. there is a bagel stand that is phenomenal. the bagels will literally change your life. the everything ones in particular are highly recommended. i'd stick to bulldog or bleeding heart bakery at this market for baked goods. theirs are really good. the others that i've tried (usually have a corner spot) are for a great cause, but really dry and flavorless. this market tends to be better than the one on tuesdays just south on dearborn. *forgot to add that the amish goods are not surprisingly amazing.
Great deal on local produce.
