Which in of itself is fine except when you really look forward to what the name implies - a Farmer's Market! (Hence the 4 of 5 star rating) There's really nothing better than supporting the local Farmer's and bringing home farm to table produce knowing they are all pesticide free and the money goes right back to them growing beautiful produce Season after Season!!
The best produce is in the booth in the photo below.
Everything from the aroma to the taste to the price was so perfect.
Absolutely wonderful cheese!!!! 5 stars for the Brunkow family of cheese.
A few weeks ago, the best asparagus for a buck a bunch were here.
They were thin and green and delicious - so good, they were tasty raw.
Prices for cherries are high - or higher than Organic cherries delivered to my door...so I thought that was a bit odd for non-organics to be higher than organic.
They looked tasty for the cherry devotees like me.
Every flavor I've tried is decadent, flavorful, delicious and so moist.
The prices are equal to or less than what you would pay in a restaurant and you can be assured of organic, non-gmo fare.
However, just down from Gayle's is a tamale shop on the southwest corner that serves organic vegan tamales 2 for $5 that are to die for!
Awesome produce & prices.
Excellent corn, potatoes, fruit, flowers, etc. not cheap but high quality.
Many of the vendors have samples available for tasting and taste we did.
The whole feel of fresh, organic produce items gives me such a good feeling.They got some really good stuff out here.
While you're at it you can pick up a nice bunch of fresh flowers.
Grow your own, as they say!There's also artisanal breads, fresh baked goods,a kind of "hip" Roller Derby-type girl selling "cutting edge" baked goods, fresh honey and the list goes on and on.
What a great contrast between the downtown office atmosphere and the fresh farm food!
I obviously could not pass up such great deals, especially when they are so delicious and pretty--sooo I got both.
Its a great reason to support local farms, eat in season (because its good for you and it just tastes better when its supposed to be eaten), and get outside.
Sure they cost a little more that crappy store produce, but you know where your food came from and can ask the person that grew it any questions you have about how it was grown, the best way to cook it, and how much longer you will be able to get it.
Its completely worth the extra few dollars total, and the taste of fresh veggies and fruit will blow you mind.Highly recommend, go check it out and bring cash!
Delicious, fresh fruits and veggies! (Except you, yucky grapes!)
And, there is plenty of cheese!I'm not overly interested in the fresh produce...The prices are generally higher than at my grocery store (Meijer).
Both were well worth it--the bacon cheddar went great on breakfast sandwiches and the spreads were a great companion to the football Sunday snack offerings.Another highlight for me is the baked goods.
At that time things were just getting started but it was easy to see the makings of a wonderful market - vibrantly colored fresh produce, baked goods (I got a delicious black and white cookie to take back with me on the plane), flowers and cheese.I love to see local, seasonal produce being sold on the street, during the week where it's accessible to all.
Not only do I get yummy cookies and blueberry bread, I can feel good about it too since it goes for a great cause.
It's a great source for fresh produce during the growing season and visiting the market is like going on a little vacation during the work day--so many lovely things to look at and sample.Most Thursdays, I left work with an embarrassing amount of produce that made riding the L home a bit challenging, but once I tasted those fresh tomatoes or those juicy peaches (so freakin' good!), it certainly made the haul worth it... especially the time I brought home a giant stalk of still-attached Brussels sprouts.
I had to carry it on the train like a baby and everyone looked at me like I was nuts--but damn, those were some tasty little guys!Thank you, Farmer's Market, for making sure I had such tasty, fresh food to eat and for giving me a break from Cubicle Land.
Drink milk if you buy, the strawberry rhubarb cupcake looked good as well but I didn't get it.* This berry stand with this goofy guy from Michigan- I tried these raspberries he was selling and they were the sweetest I've ever tasted! -His black and strawberries were sweet too and he has a 4 pint for $15 deal so you can mix and match them. * All the bakery stands goods looked so tasty and a couple of them raise money for good causes.* As I said before, some of the produce didn't look the best but the prices are a bit lower than other markets and I saw a lot of variety.
The cherries and strawberries looked so fresh that I couldn't resist buying a bag of cherries, even after a big lunch.
The cakes, breads, and cookies looked delicious as well!
Fresh food, nice people and the more we invest, the better chance they will return next year.
And oh my god, are there some amazing baked goods here.
And they produce some of the best baked goods I've had so far.
They had homemade granola, pasta, cheese, cookies and so many other delicious looking things that I could have spent $200 at their tent.
It's bad in that you buy a lot, but it's good in that things aren't too expensive.
Mini reviews of some of my recent haul: - This morning I just finished off the last bit of DELICIOUS Zucchini Bread, baked by the beautiful people at Misericordia, a great non-profit organization assisting children and adults born with developmental disabilities (misericordia.com).
The loaves are so moist that you will regret that you only purchased one loaf. - Wisconsin cheese samples are evil, because they taste so good and cause you to buy a $5 bag of cheese curds that will take you two weeks to finish.
Boyfriends, take note if you're looking for weekend date bouquets. - Fresh vegetables and herbs.
I also can't believe I got a plastic shopping bag worth of fresh basil for $2!
Civil rights rallys and organic honey, this place is sweet *pun pun pun* tough crowds to navigate around, but that's hardly a problem with so much delicious and fresh food around you.
I bought strawberries this week and while they looked great, they are tasteless.
I grew it in my native PA and it is easy to grow and harvest so that's no contest.
The corn is good, not great.
I haven't found a farmer's market that offers high quality Eurpean pastry - well, why would they?
I went for the first time yesterday and was so pleasantly surprised that I had to run and find an ATM machine to buy all the fresh produce.
All in all, this is a great way to get the fresh produce we should all be enjoying.
It's delicious!
Anyway, everything looked very fresh and although they didn't have peaches yet, I'll definitely be getting them when they do!
I try to make it here every Thursday to buy produce for the weekend - it all looks and tastes so good!
There are alot of baked goods there as well but i prefer to pick up some fresh veggies for dinner that night.
I often stop by before work to stock up because the vegetables go pretty fast and then have fresh veggies chilling in my work fridge during the day.
Everything is better quality and it is the same or less expensive than getting it in the store.
