So darn cute!Of course everything is seasonal and so what you find may varry but on my most recent visit, I brought home a basket of blueberries, another of cherries and some strawberries, juicy peaches, kale, sweet corn, vine ripe tomatoes, fresh basil and mint, cucumbers, zucchini, eggplant, sweet onions, raw apiary honey and a fresh bouquet of flowers all for under $40!!Tip: Go a little early and scout out the Perfectly Imperfect boxes... these treasures are slightly blemished but otherwise perfect and a generous box will only run you $5.
Dozens of little stalls showcasing aromatic baked goods, fresh home-grown vegetables, beekeepers from Indiana, bamboo tabletop decorations, fragrant floral pieces, even fig trees - a culturally abuzz square framed by the tall skyscrapers and under the shadow of Picasso.
They have the best quality tomatoes, leeks and even golden beats... even my Whole Foods didn't have golden beets this summer.My Yelp app found a Starbucks a half block away on Washington.
The vendors are nice and everything is fresh.
From fresh flowers to homemade cakes and candy or even just a quick getaway from the office!
Eat some organic tomatoes & strawberries.
It offers the cheapest produce in the city - tomatoes for $2/lb instead of $4 or even $5 in the neighborhood markets (There's a specific vendor from the Indianapolis area that has the best tomato selection around), inexpensive flowers, great selection of produce throughout the season at very reasonable prices. 2.
Go get some tomatoes from the Indianapolis fellas!
It's more of a collection of specialty items that, while intriguing and somewhat unique, don't really rep a FM, apart from logistics.If you're looking for tons of fresh fruits, veggies and produce, well, you might want to look elsewhere.
Due to the location which is right outside of the Daley Plaza so you can pick up vegetables, fruits or flowers when you are leaving the courts, heading to work or during your lunch break.
However there is an ample selection of organic vegetables, meat, fruits, and normal farmers market-type items for sale.This market runs from mid-May to the end of October and is famous as the longest running farmers market in Chicago.
The variety is unbelievable, something for everyone.
They have pretty much everything you would expect (fresh pasta, plants, vegetables, dog treats, etc.) right in the middle of the loop.
Dude, what a variety of fruits and veggies that are in season and fresh.
They have a huge variety of vendors as well, from fresh fruits, veggies, and herbs, to local made cheese from the great North, to fresh bread, flowers, and food vendors that filled the plaza with a great aroma.
Aside from being a little piece of nature in the middle of the business district of Chicago, the Daley Plaza Farmers market sports excellent selection, variety, and value.
The one by Damen between Irving and Montrose has a better cheese selection though.In response to a couple of other reviews, some vendors DO accept credit cards, but it's not a uniform policy.
Who doesn't want to spend a lunch break here?This market has several vegetable stands offering a variety of seasonal deliciousness, and a good selection of fruit as well (well, now, anyway).
They have tomatoes and apples and potatoes in varieties you've never heard of, the biggest squash I've ever seen, people handing out random samples of goodness. flowers, cheese, bread, herbs (do not miss the fresh herbs stand, it is BOMB and so cheap and they have kale and other beautiful greens), pastries, toffee. the Amish people who sell the yummy food, mushrooms (ew but whatever), jams/salsas, soap and a few other crafts, and some places where you can actually get lunch instead of just ingredients!I'm depressed that I only have 2 more months to go here.
She then went on to state that they had fried cheese there, lots of local farmers with fresh produce and bakeries for some morning goodies.
There were so many great vendors for flowers, vegetables, fresh baked goods, and cheese.
I don't even have words for how good it was!Decent prices and a great variety!
You can pick up a great selection of fresh produce, including a generous bunch of kale for a dollar!
There are quite a few stands that sell ready to go meals, like noodle bowls and sandwiches.
There were tons of produce for what seemed to be pretty inexpensive.
There are many of the same vendors and good number of ones not represented at Federal Plaza too.
Several Michigan farms had fresh asparagus, herbs for planting and flowers for planting.
You want a 2 ft. tomato plant that you absolutely cannot kill at this point?
Your banana bread, apple bread, and pumpkin bread is phenomenal.
I go every week for the amazing produce selection (Nichols Farm, etc.).
They also have a variety of breads and puffy pastries.
There seems to be a great variety of fresh produce, flowers, bakery items, cheeses, and even some tasty lunch options!I wanted to get some fresh air on my lunch today, so I thought I would head over here to browse, not buy.
Great selection of veggies, fruit, flowers, baked goods, cheese, and other pickled treats and jams.
But, they do have some varieties of veggies that are not available at regular grocery stores (think purple potatoes and peppers you've never heard of, for example), so that is a plus.I'm in it for the dairy.
The amount of vendors and quantity of produce is nearly overwhelming.
I've picked up incredible tomatoes, breads, cookies, cheeses, organic honey, etc over the last few years here.
There was even a celebrity chef cook-off some weeks back, that was fun to watch.Lately the apple crop is in full swing and there are no less than 20 varieties available.
Nice flowers/plants, but I find myself not being able to buy any since I will have to walk back to the office and take the train home.
Not too many produce items -- I've seen mushrooms, asparagus, potatoes, some fruits, etc.
They also have a large variety of cheese, some frozen choice cuts of meats, but lots and lots of bakery items ;o) A nicely dressed woman enters a room ever so shyly.
She is unsure about being in this room, it is crowded and the people are little intimidating, but she musters her courage and sashays to the front of the room, The room is filled with people bogged down with bags & bags of fresh produce, baked goods, fresh herbs, and flowers that peak out of the top of said bags.
What a nice market this is, they have loads of booths for fresh produce, baked goods, and also flowers.
Artisan breads, homemade jams, jellies and salsas, absolutely addictive Amish toffee, pies and cookies, mushrooms, cheeses, Michigan peaches (God, they were SO good last season!!) and other delicious fruits, all manner of veggies out the wazoo, tons of bright, beautiful flowers and our very own Bee Man (you know, the guy who brings his bees and all their delicious honey)...
While some of the produce didn't look the best to me, I was pretty happy with all the different selections of food.
Along with 5 or 6 produce vendors, there were a couple baked good vendors as well as some clothing and jewelry and flowers.
Taking a short stroll through the market, looking at stalls of flowers and fresh fruit, vegetables and baked goods makes this a great way to start the day.A lot of the farmers and vendors here are also at Green City Market, so if you are fan of that one, this is certainly worth a browse.
Which means that if you're a guy and you work nearby, you have no excuse for not bringing your wife or girlfriend flowers at least once during the summer.And of course, there's all the booths for fresh fruit and vegetables.
I also love purchasing a variety of fruits and vegetables from the Nichols Farm & Orchard.
In season fruits and vegetables can be found as well as a variety of baked goods.
If you work in the area, stop by before work for the best selection or make a trip down for lunch.
I was here 2 weeks ago.I got some sugarless jam--blueberry and a mix of apricot/cherry. 2 jars for $10.I got Indiana peaches that were sweet and juicy. 6 peaches for $6.I got a box of cinnamon donuts hole ($5.50), 2 boxes of cashew brittles for $10 from the Amish stand.
They mostly sell loaves of Irish Soda Bread, Banana Bread, and other sweet loaves, that each cost $3.25 (or $3 apiece if you buy at least three).
This artisan bread booth also sells pretzel bread loaves. - Fresh flowers.
Sweet corn, tomatoes, potatoes, blueberries, raspberries, eggplant, squash, cabbage, lettuce, bok choy, cantaloupe -- you name it, it's there, and for CHEAP.
You can also buy oatmeal soaps, fresh jams and preserves, honey and chocolate from other vendors.
I liked most of things I saw, bought some strawberries.
Strawberries, asparagus, cookies, herbs, strawberries, asparagus, strawberries, homemade salsa, asparagus...this place has everything.
I am not playing the spoiler, but I must compare this venue with others in the area for fresh fruit and vegetables - if you can patronize the markets outside the downtown area ....
I love it!!!Great produce, herbs, veggies, flowers, cheese and baked goods.Great central location.
I am a sucker for apple and pumpkin butters, and there is one stand (sorry but I cannot recall the actual name of the vendor!) which sells varieties of jellies, jams, and butters.
Apple and pumpkin butters = yummy in my tummy.
I forget how yummy fresh summer fruit is.
Lots of apples, cheeses, baked goods, fruit and vegetables.
Great vegetables, baked goods, cheese, flowers, etc...
I guess long ago people were tired of fresh fruits, vegetables and flowers at outdoor markets, and the concentration, selection and novelty of the grocery store was refreshing and different.
However I am on the other side of that one - I am tired of the grocery store and find fresh fruits, vegetables and flowers at an outdoor market irresistible.
They had gorgeous flowers, and great looking fruits and vegetables, and although my intentions were to go and get fruit, I gravitated towards the cookies, cakes, and bakery items- I just can't stop my sweet tooth cravings.
They have baked goods, fresh produce (veggies and fruit) flowers and usually have something to get to eat for lunch.
I was really impressed with the selection.
Everything from baked goods like pies, breads, and cookies, coffee, fresh fruits and veggies to potted plants and herbs, bath salts, soaps and things for your home.
I can buy huge eggplant for $1 apiece, the best cherry tomatoes I've ever had plus great fruit in season.
I really enjoy alot of the jarred items that the small farms prepare.
The market includes a nice selection of fruits, vegetables, plants, and bakery.
During the summer, I stock up on fresh cucumbers, zucchini, and tomatoes.
The fruit sold is often Michigan apples which tends to be a little pricey; you've been forewarned.
They have a great selection and everyting is soo fresh!!
