They had a wide variety of animals that the children were able to interact with; camel rides, pony rides, baby chicks, a petting zoo, a parrot experience.
Things rarely found at other pumpkin patches.
There are plenty of other things going on (corn maze, hay ride, pumpkin playground).
The carnival type of food didn't look too appetizing (think corn dogs) so we stopped for lunch at once upon a grill on the way home, but we did share a few pumpkin and apple glazed donuts.
We decided to check out their pumpkin selection on a Sunday afternoon...Never having been here before, we had no idea that the place would be so packed.
Lots of pumpkins to choose from, food spots, gift shop, amusement rides and a petting zoo.
I did notice a lot of home decor, homemade baked goodies, as well as produce.
Their biggest season is in the fall, for Pumpkins & all associated novelties (donuts, apples, cider, pies, etc).
Pumpkin patches do not need exotic animals and they do not treat farm animals with care.
This wasn't so for Didier Farms.I have to state that I a) went right when it opened and b) was in and out and didn't visit the pumpkin patch area.However, I did score some: - indian corn- pumpkins- apples- ciderThe decor items worked well and the apples were amazing in the pie I made.
All in all, an ok trip and I'd definitely return for some apples (good prices and excellent selection of unique apples).
The price of admission vs the amount / variety of animals was worth it in my mind.
Apple or Pumpkin, they're both good.
They also have a farmstand with fruits/veggies, some fall crafts, jams/jellies, candy...I guess this place is good for folks that want a little bit of that farm feel without venturing too far away from the 'burbs. But as for me and the family, I don't think we'll be coming back.
And so many of their items aren't even from their farm- they are simply provided from a bunch of midwest manufacturers, and available almost anywhere food gifts are sold (such as Lake Geneva, Door County, Long Grove, etc.)
They had pumpkin & apple donuts which was very much in the spirit of the holiday!
We picked out some treats from the store to bring home like apple cider (3.49 for a half gallon), apple flavored donut holes (4.49 for a package...i tried one, very good!), i got some chocolate covered pretzels and halloween colored popcorn for the nephews. :)Overall, a fun place.
On my visit, it was an autumn orgy of harvest veggies, pumpkins "up the wazoo," homemade apple cinnamon doughnuts, hay rides, pony rides, canned goods, frozen pies, Indian corn, fall mums, and everything else Martha Stewart.
They have an excellent selection of apples and red ripe tomatoes.
The doughnuts are tasty. $5.99 for the variety pack of six.
I'm looking forward to trying the fudge and the Apple cider donuts and maybe the fried Oreos.
They have a little of everything from corn, pumpkins (of course), popcorn, and a variety of different foods (food, food, food, food), rides, entertainment, etc.The place seems like it is cheap but not really!
Most of their items are a bit overpriced though.
They have a variety of your typical candy favorites boxed up for under two bucks a pop.
I came here hoping to score some fresh, cheap fruits and veggies but left empty handed.
There was a sad selection of fresh produce and the prices were double what they should have been.
The apple cider donuts were nothing to write home about.
We came here looking for vegetable plants and they had a great selection at reasonable prices.
The plants for the most part were in excellent condition, although some of the vegetable plants that are kept outside had some frost damage.
They also have a huge selection of flowers and annuals that they have displayed in the huge greenhouses that re all interconnected.
The market/store has fall and halloween decor, apples, veggies, carmel apples and the must have apple donuts.
I care about purity of our food, so like to can my year's tomatoes every summer.
I had called earlier to ask about plum tomatoes and was told that they were available only as pick-your-own.
The specialty of the place, the fresh pumpkin and apple cider doughnuts, were sold out by 1 pm on a Saturday and the vegetable stand was sparse with a poor selection of goods.
They had a good selection of pumpkins that ranged in size and it was .49 cents a pound.
The thing I didn't like is that it was more carnival-like than a typical pumpkin patch.
We also got some really nice Indian corn and funky-looking little pumpkins.
