It's big enough that there is a lot to do, but small enough that it isn't overwhelming.
The staff was all so nice and friendly, they were genuinely happy that we were there.
There is plenty for a family to do besides these things.
If anything, they're a deterrent for young families.
The level of markup on prices is extreme.
Was charged $.89 each (reg price), totally $25.81.
Asked Marie, our cashier, about the price difference.
They obviously do not care about their customers and only care about the profits..
A fun family tradition 6 years running.
The animal exhibit is so out of place, let alone inhumane.If you must attend Didier - DO NOT participate in the animal rides.
They shouldn't be offering these types of attractions or hire the type of people that willAbuse animals for people's "enjoyment". I encourage Others to boycott this place and hopefully the ASPCA or some other animal rights group will help shut this down.
I went to the greenhouse today looking for a specific plant, I was literally the only customer in the store, there were plenty of staff, none of which greeted me or offered to assist me in any way.
I was very disappointed and the prices are extremely expensive.
No confidence in your quality or was it another reason?There's no shortage of growers in this area, I suggest avoiding this place and find friendlier service and better pricing somewhere else.He estado yendo a granjas y mercados durante años, y nunca he tenido a nadie rechazar una muestra de su producto. ¿Ninguna confianza en su calidad o era otra razón?No hay escasez de cultivadores en esta zona, sugiero evitar este lugar y encontrar servicio más amable y mejores precios en otro lugar.
Everything is way way over priced.
These very large animals have very little space to move.
There is plenty to do here, and the children that I watch always have a blast.
However, it is incredibly expensive (expect to pay at least $80 for a family of three).
That being said, the hayride/corn maze combo are decently priced and unlimited for $5/head.
Fun to visit once a year, but definitely far too expensive to be frequent customers.
I didn't realize how expensive paying for each thing would be.
I (and the rest of my family, immediate and extended) will never give these people are business ever again.
You condone animal abuse and quite frankly somebody should slam your head into a wall like you did that poor defenseless camel.
For the 'city' kids who've never left Chicago, I realize this petting zoo must seem like a pretty big deal.
The corn maze and hay ride would have been fun, but we were too exhausted after the petting zoo, all the walking, carrying our pumpkins and waiting in long lines.
They also had camel and pony rides for the kids (not something I advocate), but available nonetheless.
More wagons for pumpkin transport would be really helpful (and customers would spend more!)
There are other play areas that you need to pay additional to access.
Pretty expensive in my opinion.
So for my kids to go down twice was $12 for about 3 minutes of fun.
Plus it was another three dollars for a cup of carrots to feed the animals.The only thing saving this review is the reasonable price of the pumpkins and donuts that we bought.
We will go to another farm next yearWhile my girls had a Lots of fun my pocketbook did not Animal Abuse is NOT to be tolerated.
And for this company to lie about it, makes it worse!And to block people to not allow them to voice their concerns...
UGHNever Again will we go here Didier is a great little local farm.
They put on a nice little carnival type thing, with animals, shopping, hay-rides.
It's great for a nice family day, picking out pumpkins.
It's family friendly place.
I believe that these types of places will still feature abused entertainment animals as long as there's a profit, so I think it's up to us to not participate in using animals for our own fun.
I've been to another farm in the area before that was totally overrun with people and stressful to navigate.
Don't get me wrong the kids still had fun, but us parents want to enjoy the farm right along with them and not be negatively shocked at this place.
It started off as a wonderful place to bring the kids, get some pics with the pumpkins, walk the fields, grab some donuts and be on your way.
We went this past weekend and could not believe how crowded it was.
It lost its appeal of a low key, family friendly, enjoyable outting to a crazy, over the top money making factory.
Bengston Farms is so much more fun and they have more things to do on family friendly budget!Save your money.
The Didiers are great farmers and members of the community.
Came here this past weekend for the Pumpkin Fest, which is a fun place for children.
The sun actually came out for a while, which was perfect timing.Like I said, it's a great place for kids -- pumpkins of all shapes and sizes to choose from, mini carnival type county fair rides, baked goods (apple donuts are supposedly the rage), apple cider and other fun flavored slushies, a small "petting zoo" and random animals.
I don't approve of the way these animals look to be treated, nor do I particularly feel comfortable that young children/teens help run all the games and rides throughout the farm.
Aside from the big birds most other animals are gentle and friendly :) Overpriced for the average family it is all about making money.
There areLess expensive places to take your kids.
I did go further down the street to Leider Greenhouses, where they are very dog friendly.
I thought the prices were fair considering the quality of the event (and still less expensive than Goebberts!)
There was always staff available to answer questions and the ride operators were friendly and helpful.
Never too crowded then.It's definitely expensive, but worth it.
They have a lot of fun rides and activities.
It does get a bit crowded, but overall its a fun place to go.
I won't go so far as to suggest any animals here are being abused, but if you're like me and you think exotic animals shouldn't be displayed in this way, you should stay away from Didier Farms.As for the rest of it, the bathrooms are very gross port-a-potties, the rides are over-priced, the items in the bake shop are just OK, the staff is grumpy, and the signage is inadequate.
The parking lot was so jammed it took us over an hour to get out.
People were frustrated kids crying all over...
We always start off with a six pack of the apple cider donuts (six well spent bucks).
We actually skipped all the rides and games so we ended up spending $60 and then we left to have lunch elsewhere and we had a fun family Sunday.
There is a lot to do from watching their nice little zoo to laugh at the pig race.
A lot of fun activities.
We did the hayride which was fun.
And my son loves the kids rides because there was a lot of cars.
Yes it was so nice and fun to go to.
The place is fun -- basic kids rides, pumpkins, petting zoo, etc.
It was way more fun if you can just pay a set fee and it's all turned on for the kids.
What they basically have is a manicured lawn full of different size pumpkins ready for purchase.
There are a lot of activities for kids-there's a petting zoo, a corn maze, bouncy castle and a tiger exhibit and every exhibit costs a few bucks each.
Run on down to The Hanson Farm in Burr Ridge- it's free and has playgrounds and a picnic area too,Concessions prices were average to medium high, while the shop items were (IMO) too high to even consider.
And of course all those painted panels with cutouts for the kids' faces for all those photos for mom and dad are free, some with advertising for Didier, some without.The most interesting thing for this grandfather was an unforeseen freebie: there was a production team doing a commercial shoot for Kraft Lunchables (I asked one of the "soccer mom" actresses) in one of the little fenced areas in which a small ride would normally reside.
We had a lot of fun at Didier Farms' Pumpkinfest today!
There were so many fun activities, but of course they all come with a price.
We didn't find the prices to be too crazy though.
The big cat house ($3) had a tiger, two ligers, a baby liger (super cute), baby serval (also super cute but he was in a carrying case the whole time) and a bear.
It just was way too hard for me to see such big animals in such small areas...of course, no idea how they are treated but it just made me uneasy and uncomfortable seeing them.
They had some cute & corny jokes posted throughout as well as wooden characters along the ride.
I got a nice, small sized pumpkin for $2!
Staff for didier less than friendly, staff for carnival were much friendlier.
This place used to be much busier but I think they have lost sight of some things.
This place is a whiff of the country within earshot of the city and the busy-busy burbs.
Just watch the prices, as they can be steep on some items.
It is a nice little oasis in the inter-suburban rush out near Lake-Cook Road and Milwaukee.
Over priced and garbage.
We came here for the first time and the place must be a popular place to go to for family activities, every parking spot was filled.
There is no entrance fee and no parking fee.
So many fun rides to go to at reasonable ticket prices.
Nice decors throughout the place for picture taking.
This place has more rides/activities such as camel, pony ride, slides, carousel ride, and much more compared to others.
Didier Farms is a must for family fun!
There was plenty of parking in the field.
There are lots of people but it's not crowded.
I haven't bought anything yet but all of the prices are clearly posted and nothing looks any more expensive then it would at any other novelty place like this.
Staff are very uptight, and their rules make one feel like you're going through the TSA at O'Hare.
I'd rather pay $25 for parking and get my family in free to see even more animals at the zoo.
They're also treated better at the zoo - pretty sure you shouldn't keep exotic animals like kangaroos in a cold, cramped cage.The corn maze is fun though and not too hard, so you can bring children in and not be horrified at being stuck for hours with the impending threat of "I need to pee."
The price is decent, it's $1 a ticket and I bought 40 worth just enough for the the main fun such as the corn maze/hay ride, a couple of rides & the petting zoo.
This is an okay farm to visit, really not as much to do as other farms I've been to and the prices are quite expensive in the store.
Call me cheap but I thought that was pretty expensive.
The good thing is - if you have an even (actually uneven) amount of tickets that are not enough for a ride or games, you can use it as cash when you purchase something in the store.
I had 2 tickets and used it towards the pumpkin that I bought my child.Recommended for quick fun.
I didn't experience the whole park, but it was OK for short fun.
Recommended for small kids and families to spend some quality time together.
It's cute and fun to look at the items they have if it's your first time.
However they do have some items at a very cheap price.
When you're at the checkout counter they offer you a free sample of their latest fudge.
Our 27 adults, their families and our school will not be back.
Charge adults and kids $5 and kids under 3 are free!!
Luckily, I purchased some pumpkin and apple cider donuts on my way out.
Hold onto your wallet - those kiddie rides and activities are EXPENSIVE.
No "fun pass" available, a la carte only.
Even if you don't have kids this is a fun place to go to just for the awesome little market they have.
The walk through the parking lot to the entrance is miserable if you're wearing sandals or flats Picking up your own veggies is very pleasant, and just the idea of a farm makes me happy.
While she is outgrowing this annual activity, we continue to support local businesses and Didier Farms is certainly among those we support.
The event is marketed as a family event but the prices are not in the spirit of allowing children and families to enjoy the activities.
PumpkinFest was not crowded at all - great for a first time out!
On to other rides/activities - all overpriced, rushed, and of little to no fun value.
The only that was fun and priced appropriately was the corn maze and the tractor ride.
The ironic thing is that Didier had no problem asking customers to sign a petition to save their farm from the Army Corp of Engineers.
The staff did not seem trained on basic customer service.
The price are OUT of control.
It's a hard place to go without kids being that it seemed like 80% of the people here had kids with them.
This is one our fall fun spots!
This year was the best with the addition of our two grand-nephews.Didier's is a a great place for pumpkin picturing.......
Go early on the weekends because it gets very busy and you will be parking way out.
Go, have fun!
These animals are tied up in less than stellar conditions and look to be run ragged by all the little kids.
Living in the city, I have to purchase canning quantities from local farmers.
If I transferred them into the bags I brought, they would not sell at the bushel price but at the per-pound retail price they sold inside the store.
Okay, the price was not what was quoted, $22 per bushel rather than $18, but I could have lived with that.
We had to be registered.Putting a numbered placard inside the windshield with our 'registration number' was a little odd.
Bait and switch pricing aside, I was disgusted at the way this family chooses to treat its customers.
Signage around the farm is poor and I didn't have the strength to force my way through the throngs of flailing children to find the highly touted 15 acre pumpkin patch.
Parking is frightfully bad considering this is the middle of nowhere.If you have a small, wild youngster you wish to let free in order to wreck havoc for a few hours by beating pumpkins with sticks and pulling hay bales apart, you might want to come here.
The wife and I dragged our boys out (3,5) out to Didier Farms for a birthday party of another little kid...
Also never felt too crowded either.
I thought this place was pretty cool.
I think that's a decent price?
There were animals, alot of cute little cardboard thingys to take pics with and a cafe as well as produce for sale.
It's not especially great, but it's also not bad.
It was cool and one of the few free things here.Check out their website for more info: didierfarms.com This place was an absolute zoo.
This place is a nice place to go.
There's plenty to do here for the kids so, I HIGHLY suggest that you bring your kids around October.
This place had a little bit of everything but expensive if you actually wanted to do something besides walk around.
The prices on their farmer's market stuff are just meh, but they have some really nice apples.
We arrived to find a huge free parking lot and tons of people.
This means that for a family of four, each activity costs $12.
This seems a bit steep considering little kids want to do ALL the activities.
The donkey and the pig were cute.
This place is very crowded.
A few good points- #1 admission is free- so you can take all the pumpkin patch photos you need to of the little ones. #2 - they let you use their Red Wagons to shuttle the pumpkins and the kids. #3 the staff seemed pretty friendly.
Only issues I have are with the parking and the rotten pumpkins that need to be discarded.
The parking area is a muddy, muddy mess with no efforts (e.g. hay) to address this problem.
Most items were expensive; the cider donuts (one of our main reasons for coming) were stale and had little flavor; the amusement rides seemed nice, but several of the kids we saw were covered with mud We went here looking to take our 2-year old son for a fun afternoon at a pumpkin patch, but were seriously disappointed.
When we pulled up the parking lot was a giant field of mud.
The farm reminded me very little of a farm, but rather a carnival with expensive kiddie rides everywhere.
Instead of purchasing a pumpkin we left and went to Goebbert's in Hampshire, which was much more up our alley. went this weekend with the boyfriend, who was skeptical. we both had a great time! we're into people watching, so the crowd was fun. everyone was friendly and the attractions were great for kids, of course, but we had a good time for $12.00 in the corn maze and hay ride. food was decent, donuts looked amazing. their pumpkins were great! loved the radio flyers and everything seemed really organized, especially in/out of the parking lot, which we appreciated in a sea of toddlers. nice alternative to the ones farther from the city.
