It's bigger, better and has a lot more variety when it comes to prepared stuff.
You'll find great cheeses, olive oil and pickles, sausage, knife sharpening, nuns selling baked goods, beautiful flowers, as well as many vendors of produce, a lot of it from IL and MI.
You really feel the seasons changing as the fruits change and corn moves along in favor of squashes.
They usually have a band and I like to sit down and watch them for a bit while enjoying some fresh juice from one of the vendors.
The fruits and veggies are always nice and I grab a few tomatoes and grapes to last the week.
There are some vendors with coffee and breakfast items to help get the day going but it is also not as crowded and then I get first pick of anything!This isn't a huge market but it has enough vendors to choose from.
I nearly got farklempt when I saw a pint of blueberries for $6, sweet peppers for $3 each and tomatoes for $4.
There are tons of stands with produce, arts and crafts, flowers, plants, on and on.
We plan to get there earlier next time in hopes of a better selection, and I can't wait to go back.
With more than 70 vendors, it's full of fresh fresh fruits & vegetable from several farms, cheeses, pork, beef, chicken, sausages, eggs, breads, french pastries, olive oils, snacks, fresh flowers and folks selling crafts.We love Jake's Country Meats.
I was hoping there would be more flowers/plants but there were still a good variety.
Knife sharpener, flowers, fruits, and veggies along with some craft items.
Lots of the fruit and veggies are from around the Midwest so it's fresh, but it's not exactly cheap ($6 strawberries, $5 blueberries).
It's by far one of my favorite places to go to pick up local art, organic fruits and veggies, grass-fed beef, and free range chicken.I absolutely adore the mini loaves of bread made at Staff of Life Bakery and Farms.
It's flat out amazing and comes in a variety of smoked flavors.
And for you fish lovers they also sell frozen great lakes fish such as Whitefish, Lake Trout, Walleye, Perch, and Smoked Fish.The DG Farmer's Market also has a great selection of fruits and veggies, products from local shops, homemade canned products ((BBQ sauce, salsa, apple sauce...)), local artists, fresh breads, fresh cheeses, and a plethora of other fantastic goods.
Some of my favorite items are Ari's flowers (12 gorgeous, supremely fresh long-stemmed roses for $18), the Cheese People (try the gouda with nettles--OMG so good!), and the fresh baked breads and pastries.
Any of the produce vendors are good choices and their selections of fruits and veggies are incredible.
There are plenty of other stands to peruse- everything from flowers, pies, and jewelry to meat and salsas and more.
The only thing I believe is locally grown so early in summer are the berries.
It is fairly large and has a good selection of items allowing me to get most of what I need for the week there.
The market has vendors selling vegetables, fruit, meat, eggs, cheese, bakery goods (from bread to pies to donuts), coffee, knife sharpening, flowers, crafts, and home items.
While I think the market is great, my wish list would include a farmer that sells a larger variety of chicken products, and also a veggie farmer that grows more unique vegetables.
