DELICIOUS!!!
Other things are super cheap though like sweet corn 3 for $2.
Local farmers display their beautiful produce and there's all sorts of delicious pastries and food offerings as well.
But those of us who try and manage a budget may need to look elsewhere to buy our goods.
It's my personal favorite.Other products we buy: Yuppie Hill Poultry cage-free eggs and Hometown Sausage Kitchen French Country sausage.
Hormone free, anti biotic free, grass fed, all the good buzz words make for a great product.
The kid slinging fresh squeezed lemonade rocks.Produce is abundant.
Much bigger than I thought it would be and I loved the breakfast sandwich stands and fresh lemonade stand.
The corn is delicious!
Their honey ham or BBQ flavored pork sticks are to die for.
Lemon Tree offers some really delicious breakfast.
But, they too are a little pricey.I am not a cheapskate, but when I compare what I pay for knife sharpening, gourmet cheeses or fresh produce I know I am paying more.
The prices may be higher than some grocery stores, but what you get is so much fresher and better for you.
Next, I want to try the meat vendor as I've heard great things.Go, enjoy some live music and buy some delicious goodies.
Every Saturday I head here super early and gobble up plenty of fresh fruits and veggies to last me all week.I've gotten amazing strawberries, peaches, blueberries, raspberries, watermelon.... and everything is ripe, locally grown, and delicious.
There is every veggie imaginable, and it's been fun creating new meals out of all the local, fresh produce.
Plus, I can easily fill up a bag with about $7.00 worth of veggies.
I paid $5 for a carton of strawberries and they were the sweetest, ripest, yummiest berries... which we devoured in a day.
And then bought ripe, wonderfully juicy peaches instead.
But seriously, do you really believe locally grown can provide produce in May?
Yes, they're fun and everything does taste better outside.
The meat is more expensive than at the grocery store, but it is worth it to me to buy from local farms that raise happy cows, pigs, and chickens.
