A few of the vendors that I have visited were Edge of Sweatness (local bake shop) ; Eternal Harmony; Edgewater Candles, and Empanadas Argentinas, which has a variety of empanadas, and they are reasonably priced.The event itself is Saturday's; rain or shine; June - October, and located in the Broadway Armory Parking lot; not too far from CTA Thorndale, and not too crowded of an event.
As for commuting, i recommended catching the train, but if you wish to drive there is neighborhood parking; as well as a slim selection of metered street parking.
This Saturday morning market is a great addition to the neighborhood!
I've never sampled the kale burger but folks seem to like it.
The cheese guy is pretty great there.
New and improved!!! or something like that.It's blowing away the competition (A-ville market), the prices are better and the selection is vast.
They also carry plant-able herbs, breads, cookies, snacks, live music (provided by Old Town School of Folk Music), and taro chips (which are my favorite).
And there is one stand that is still expensive, look around before you purchase.
OK, It's not big.
Fresh fruits and vegetables at a much more reasonable price than Evanston or Andersonville.
So, if you want it to stick around or even get larger, support local!
The Hispanic guy in the corner stall is very friendly and always treats me well and his tomatoes are the bomb!
The merchants ARE friendly.
It can be crowded.
Pretty small, just a few stands....but definitely worth a stop if you live in the neighborhood.
Very community-based.
Not bad, very friendly...right by True Nature Foods, on Norwood.
Ample street/meter parking.
I rode my bike a couple miles to get here and after seeing how small it was thought, well at least I got some exercise on the way here...Everything they had looked fresh.
Great standby if you live in the area.
As others have noted, this market is small, but kept us happy with fresh produce, from farms usually no further away than SW Michigan, for a very decent price.
The name of the main farm that has the largest stand there escapes me but the 2 ppl that work it are super nice.
Also, the prices are really good compared to other markets I have been to like Green City Market.
True Nature also has a stand with some items they get from a local farmer.
