Great local vendors that sell items, such as fresh fruits and vegetables, baked goods, and handmade items.
It's not as large as the Lincoln Square market, but there are two farm stands, and each offers a wide variety of high quality seasonal produce at great prices.
I'm a fan. it's not flashy or fancy, it's understated, but it has everything you need -- two great produce stands with a wide selection of seasonal veggies and fruits, a FANTASTIC cheese stand, and a smattering of pastry (Kate's cookies is almost always there, and then there's a random cupcake person, or a brownie person).
A somewhat limited selection but what they have is excellent.
The stand I like comes from Southwestern Michigan, great selection of fresh organic apples, peanut cashew or almond butter, honey, cider, at reasonable prices.
The Andersonville farmers market offers a much better selection and deal.I paid 4.50 for 2 tomatoes last weekend and they were not very good. $4.50 .
I strongly feel that this market is overpriced.If you have to have fresh tomatoes NOT from the grocery store (I find myself in this predicament - OFTEN), this market is here.
They have all of your usual basics: Fresh fruits and veggies, flowers, pastries, jams, bread, and cheese.
Personable service along with fresh fruits and vegetables.
Very good selection, too, for such a small market.
Especially, you know, in late summer and early fall.Some breads and fresh pasta, too.
There was always a great selection of green leafy's, peppers, tomatoes, basil, corn, cucumbers, etc. of the other tables there are choices of fresh fruit and artisan bread. it is one of the few things I will miss about our old neighborhood.
There was a bakery or two, a cheese-monger, and a couple people selling sauces and things.
The main farmer has a large assortment of vegetables and some fruit.
We usually end up buying lots of green and red bell peppers, broccoli, carrots, cauliflower, lettuce, hot peppers (they have like 5 different types!), watermelon, cantaloupe, onions, green onions, and much more.
Of course some of the items change throughout the season but a lot of the items they actually have the whole season (like bell peppers).
Then toward the end of the season there is an apple farmer with delicious organic apples and apple cider.
