Best apples in the orchard, so delicious!
I bought some corn salsa that is to die for and a candle that rocks my world lol!
I remember the bucket cost us like $40 so it's a little pricey but the apples were absolutely delicious and I would like to make this an annual thing with my kids.
Score as follows:Quality: excellent 5Cleanliness: above average 4Location: average 3Prices: average 3Customer service: excellent 520 out of 25= 4stars We come from Wisconsin with our family - we would drive from Florida if we had to.
They are still tasty, but you don't get the crispness from the freshly fried cinnamon sugar coated donut!
Best and most fresh apples I've ever had in my life.
They also sell food which looked pretty good.
The cider donuts are to die for, warm with just the right amount of cinnamon and sugar, a taste of fall in every bite.
The food was so delicious!
It tasted so fresh.
Lots to do for kids, and a very nice store with good quality products, not "crap fair" aka craft fair quality.
They also offer hot dogs, BBQ pulled pork sandwiches, and around September/October, a local church comes and does baked potatoes; which I believe it's delicious.
The donuts are good and the food is good and cheap.
Their Gala apples and Pixie Crisp apples were delicious!
The warm cinnamon donuts were good and the store is packed with tasty dips and treats.
They had both Golden & Red Delicious apples today.
The red delicious were also fantastic and I'm telling you, I can't wait to bake something apple-y!
Red delicious we're inedible.
There's an area to shop for everything from candles to sweet corn salsa to scarves.
But t you won't have to pay an entrance fee.Here are my my try/buy suggestions:Apple donuts(sold both fresh and ready to freeze)Apple CiderApples(duh) you can try before you buyCorn nuggets(it's like puffed corn covered in caramel and its highly addictive)Fresh ground peanut butter(my 1st taste and now I can't live without so I make my own)PLUS there's plenty of samples to go around!
My friend tries to get enough peanut butter to last her the year, I've just discovered their pretzel graham crackers and caramel corn nuggets which are ridiculously delicious.
A quality gem in the far western 'burbs.Possibly the best apple cider donuts I've ever had.
Delicious apples for picking - but $40/basket has gotten a little ridiculous!
You can heat them up in the oven and it tastes so good and brings home memories back.
The apple cider and donuts are yummy along with the popcorn nuts....very addictive.
The apple cider donuts are so yummy, as is the fudge and all of the delicious foods they sell.
We love that they have lots of samples so we can taste test things before buying.
This is a great place to check out in the Fall season for delicious donuts, fudge, and of course apples.
The donuts are delicious and fresh.
Generously portioned, easy on the cloyingly sweet sauce, and the pork itself had a great smoky flavor.
They only allowed us picking up red delicious and some small golden delicious.
We all love the fresh donuts Amazing donuts, apple cider and best pulled pork I've had North of I-64.
They have everything for a wonderful family day there, and the smells are amazing.
The pulled pork is tasty also.
This is a wonderful family orchard with a warm and outgoing staff, excellent food, and delicious apples.
I should also note that they have outstanding homemade fudge in this store.
It's not like they sell small or cheap stuff like random t-shirts or postcards but the stuff they have appear to have good quality (i.e. vase, frames, candles, decoration, etc.) and they even have samples to let you taste some of their goodies.
My family is gluten free so I wasn't able to try the apple donuts but the smelled amazing.
According to my mom, you MUST get there first thing in the morning to get the fresh donuts, but between us, they seem to taste just as awesome if you decide to roll in at 10:00 like a normal human being.Edwards is also the location where I first tried cheddar cheese on my apple pie - and have been hooked ever since.
Best cider donuts you will ever taste, and fresh too!
The apple cider donuts are warm and delicious and the barbecue pork sandwiches hit the spot.
Delicious.
The apple cider donuts are soft, sweet, fresh, and oh so good.
I seems like a cool idea (and they are delicious) but if you don't get them at the peak of freshness and before everyone picks them over be prepared to spend a LOT of time searching for decent berries.
I forgot this and at our most recent visit my friends and I were hoping to get Red Delicious but since they were only letting people pick Golden Delicious we were a bit disappointed.
Regardless the ones we picked were DELICIOUS!
The apple donuts were fantastic, but again, a good 15 minute wait in line (the smell got the better of me and I had to wait!).
They have all their available apples ready for tasting.
Their country shop was amazing - lots of apple-themed products and yummy local foods made by farmers.
Therefore, we had to pick Golden and Red Delicious apples.
I don't have one of Royal Oak's apples to do a Pepsi challenge but I bet Edwards can hold their own.So now we have a giant basket full of beautiful and delicious apples (of which we will sadly only eat maybe half).
Their Cider doughnuts are AMAZING! so is their Cider, the BBQ sandwhich & their apple pie with melted cheddar over the top!...who would've known it would taste sooo good!
