Oh, and the best ... most yummiest thing ... apple cider donuts!!
They put out a list of which apples will be available for picking so def check that out if you are looking for a particular type of apple.
It was kinda gross, a lot of damaged apples do it was hard to find good ones.
We picked a bunch of Red and Granny Smith and even a few pink ladies, we really found a good selection of all.
Also the apple cider donuts are no joke and seriously some of the best I ever had as well as the apple pie, wow, you really need to get that.
They have a variety of things to see and do.
"Sadly we cannot ship donuts, cider, or apples, we don't like that once as they are out of our hands we don't know in what shape they'll arrive." - Edward's Apple Orchard FAQ pageTo the business: Plenty of businesses successfully ship doughnuts with them arriving in good condition, and I bet you would make a pretty penny off of shipping yours.
There are plenty of things to do from picking your own apples, berries, or pumpkins to the animal barn to getting some great food.
This is my favorite Fall memory and place to go for apple cider, cider donuts, cheese curds, and fresh apples.
Their barn is filled with all kinds of goodies, treasures, food mixes, samples of jellies, salsas, salad dressings, snacks, fresh apples, cheeses, you could spend hours in there!
There's books, children's toys/clothing, pet supplies, fresh fudge, home decor!
Also a little cafe where you can get barbecue, hotdogs, apple pie, Mac n cheese, apple cider, etc.
Hot apple cider is to die for, and apple cider doughnuts are SO good!
There's the country store--where you can purchase fudge, jams, chips, snacks, dip mixes, cake mixes, any kind of "treat" that can be considered country cute.
There's the small café that offers fresh apple pie.
Not sure on the price for you pick apples as it was to early in the season but we did buy a bag of appled at their store for about $8The dozen apple cider donuts were $10.
Eat lunch in the Apple Barn, the pulled pork is delicious and finished off with homemade apple pie and ice cream is a treat.
Shopping in their store is a feast for the senses from jams to fudge to all kinds of sauces and all can be sampled too.
For example, we sampled a strawberry pepper jam that was mixed w/cream cheese...oh yeah; I immediately picked up a jar!
My hubs found some summer sausage and I found the fresh cheese curds.
You can also sample some apples in case you didn't make it to the orchard; they had different varieties in here.
We kept ours, it was too cute not to, plus we came unprepared to transfer the apples from the bushel to bags. -HOT Apple cider: $1.50-FRESH Cider donuts $.75 Tip: the donuts in the café below the shop were fresher than the donuts sold upstairs.
Poor quality apples. 1-2 varieties only.
Lines to get their delicious apple cider donuts, apple pie, and baked potatoes too over an hour each!
Warm, cozy atmosphere where you can shop everything from fruit salsas to Apple butters to cider donuts.
Apple donuts are the best, fresh apple cider, apple pie, baked potatoes.
Very nice barn store with all sorts of items from home decor, food items, clothing.
Awesome apple cider donuts & apple cider hot & cold!!
Best apple orchard ever...awesome experience in apple picking with my family.
Only thing is they didn't have out the variety of samples of all the dips etc.
The jerkey was pretty good, Cider Donuts (duh) and all the weird things you can buy make it seem like you left with something after leaving all your money in their care.
I always have to leave with their apple cider donuts and their apple butter.
OMG, the best and the apple cider is just a must with the doughnut.
Great apples and donuts with shelves of memories that Chris just had to take home VIA my Franklin plus a few more Yankee bucks.
The barn offered a variety of home goods and lots of call favorite foods.
The apple pie with the melted cheese was like a meal.
DELICIOUS Apple Cider Donuts, apple cider, apple pie..a cool store to browse.. but with this place..
We rode the wagon ride, my daughter got on the slowest, shortest pony ride ever (that she loved), and we purchased the delicious pantry items that are too good for us to resist: caramel apple fudge, apple cider, caramel apple donuts with and without nuts, mulled cider teabags, and a cool sparkly leaf decoration for my front door!
I usually get a pulled pork sandwich (amazing), hot apple cider, apple pie, and a few apple cider doughnuts (best apple cider doughnuts IN THE WORLD- you can smell them when you pull into the parking lot...).
Seriously, the fresh, hot donuts were incredible.Cons:The apples advertised on the website were not available for picking, we only had access to three types of apples that were within a cordon of caution tape.
The trees were nearly picked clean and we were reprimanded for picking an apple a few inches over the caution tape.You are forced to rent a half-bushel basket and are charged $40 for however many apples you can ingeniously fit into the rented basket.
Will they watch me eat it?), and sort of faux-homestyle in a way that creeped us out.Overall:Good apples, good food, good items from the store.
We bought pumpkin butter, apple butter, and strawberry jam.
If I could spend the rest of my life living at Edwards, eating apples and apple doughnuts and apple pie with cheddar cheese on top....
Apples, fresh doughnuts, taffy apples, cider - all great!
If you're looking for something "country," you'll find it there.In addition to apples, cider, and doughnuts, they have a huge variety of fresh fudge, cheeses, and a canned goods - apple butter, pumpkin butter, jams, jellies, sweet corn salsa, local honey, etc, etc, etc.
We still spent $40 to pick apples but we had five (maybe six) different varieties to choose from - and they were bountiful!Edwards may have been around forever and they have many loyal customers but I believe they are getting over priced and have some great competition around the area.
There is also a shop filled with every variety of apple under the sun, awesome jellies and jams, and a lovely assortment of fudge and treats.
The apple cider is some of the best I've ever had.
They have a variety of lunch and snack options (as a vegetarian I was a little limited to nachos and a baked potato stand with a variety of toppings to choose from but I'm used to it so I didn't mind) at very reasonable prices.
If "choose you own" is more your style you can mosey on out to the pumpkin patch to find your perfect pumpkin.
There's nothing better than fresh fruit you pick yourself.
They have good apples and their cider and donuts are good.
I love that they're so family oriented and even though they've tried to expand their place to accommodate more "variety", it never seems like they're overdoing it.
They have a great selection of decorations for the holidays along with different items for the kitchen like salsa, butters and such.
But we did well enough with the Jonathans that we were happy.They also have a pick your own raspberry patch (which we skipped as my friend is allergic) and a pumpkin patch (where we found lots of little pumpkins for my friend's niece).
Next time I'd probably try to find somewhere that's less crowded and has a better variety of apples for u-pick, but if someone suggested it, I'd happily come back here for more apple fun!
Love the apples, the fudge, the cheese, the apple pie, the baked potatoes, the jam, the apple cider, everything!
A jar of honey, four taffy apples, two lollipops and a tub of caramel made our wallet $30 lighter but *DANG* those apples are so good.
The pumpkin or carrot roll is very good too.
There is a barn with lots of gourmet food goodies, halloween and fall craft/gift items, fresh fudge, apples galore and of course thier famous donuts which are to die for!
Apples were $8-12 a small bag, apple cider donuts nearly $8 A dozen A $1.50 for a tiny glass of cider, $9.00 for A gallon of apple cider.
Hot, fresh cider donuts, popcorn balls, homemade fudge, hot and cold cider and of course apples are just some of the things you can pick up to take home with you.
The apples are excellent and the fresh apple cinnamon donuts are addicting.
