Thank you for keeping the neighborhood a neighborhood that everyone can enjoy and be a part of.
The vendors are very friendly and knowledgeable.
Once you get your lunch or produce, you can sit on the MCA steps and do some people watching.
Just off Michigan Avenue you can find all that local farms have to offer.The vendors are varied and very friendly.
The crepes are a nice treat while shopping for healthy veggies & fruit.Street parking near by and bring cash.
What a great addition to the north Michigan Avenue experience Tuesday is a jam packed day of activities for the MCA.Farmer's Market, free admission for Illinois residents, and Tuesdays at the Terrace (free jazz music with a great buffet set up for $25/person).I love picking up a tamale with portabella mushroom salsa and parking it on the steps of the MCA as I people watch.
Bring cash!
PS ~ Nearby street parking: on Pearson or Chicago Ave (FREE until 8am)PSS - When I met up with a friend at Lake Shore Park, we decided to go back for more ~ the pic shows all my loot!
Great change of scenery!
I will say, this market has one of the best flower selections.The prices are comparable for being in the loop area.
I can find better deals in various neighborhoods.
What a nice little market this is!
Plus it's nice to grab a small fresh snack right before entering the museum or while on your way out of it.
It's extremely convenient and the vendors are so nice!It's a great stroll if you're planning to visit the museum anyway.
Support the small farmer and handmade products.
It is a small market, but the prices are way better than Lincoln Park's Green City Market.
How lucky am I to live within blocks of the MCA neighborhood market.
Everyone is friendly, welcoming, and will answer all your food/flower/cheese/cooking questions.
Prices are extremely fair & competitive to other farmers markets (ie Green City & Evanston).
There was a local honey vendor, which when I first moved here I was not sure where to go purchase local honey.
There is a lot more space dedicated to flowers than I would expect, and it's really not well priced.
Most of the stands are reasonably priced.
