It should correctly be called the "SOAR Farmers Market at MCA."The Details:Location-Museum of Contemporary Art Plaza which is in front of the museum itselfDates: Tuesdays June 5-October 30, 2018Times: 7am-2pmA substantial and diverse farmers market with fresh fruits and vegetables, plants, a cheese stand, a soup stand, flowers, and an incredible fresh baked artisan bread stand!The local Alderman also has a table there.A real gem that not many people know about....will not disappoint!FYI-SOAR also does all of the plantings and up keep of the gardens at the Lake Shore Park down the street!
I found there was a decent selection of fresh and packaged items and everyone was pleasant.
A ton of fresh fruits and vegetables, few lunch stands, and some drink tables.
Great place to buy gorgeous fresh bouquets and in the Fall, pumpkins and squash.
There isn't much of a selection, that's true, but you gotta keep in mind that this is Chicago, not California.
The fruits and vegetables are fresh though.
There isn't much of a selection.
I wanted very much their cinnamon flavored dried apple slices, so went for the dried cranberries, and two mixes of fruit with nuts as well.
A friendly Grant Wood-inspired couple from Niles, Michigan were at the table (lehmansorchard.com).There are a half-dozen more merchants here selling fresh veggies, fruit, fresh cut flowers, cheeses, and baked goods.
I have gone every Tuesday for my fix of fruits and veggies.
There were 16 vendors in all today, offering a variety of fruit, veggies, herb & spices, baked goods, and flowers.
Great prices for produce and some of the best tomatoes I've eaten in the Midwest.
Fresh fruits and veggies.
There are plenty of fresh vegetables, fruit (strawberries and peaches are my fave, especially when in season), baked goods (zucchini, pumpkin, and banana loaves, danishes, upside down cake, ham & cheese croissants, chocolate croissants, cookies, etc.), fresh salsa (the habanero one is my fave), pasta sauces, and spreads (FIVE CHEESE GARLIC SPREAD!!!
The selection will vary depending on what's in season.
