Great little local shop!
They don't have everything, but I enjoy supporting local businesses.
Great little grocery store that has almost everything our family could need on a weekly basis.
I've compared the prices to Mariano's with no noticeable difference so I try to come here whenever I can and support local.
Memo and his family and staff have done an exceptional job tailoring the inventory to the trends of the neighborhood.
I feel good shopping locally, and supporting the business of a proprietor who truly listens to his customers and strives to exceed their expectations.
First off, this place absolutely wins in the customer service department.
I've met the owner, his wife, and at least one of his young daughters.
I'm all about supporting local businesses vs big corporate stores so the money stays in the local economy.
My wife and I just moved to the neighborhood and this is the closest grocery store.
I normally wouldn't write a review for what is essentially a bodega (not that there's anything wrong with that), but the staff here is so insanely pleasant and helpful that I often leave with a literal smile on my face.
The owners/employees here are wonderful!
They are always super friendly, and quick to serve.
Very handy to the neighborhood.
Excellent customer service and they have a remarkable selection.
We go so often they greet us with smiles and "good to see you again".
It's so nice to have a place that feels familiar and small town like that.
Truly couldn't ask for a better little neighborhood market!
Staff always very friendly and eager to know if you find anything you need and if you are having a great day.
Has all of the essentials at a good price, and if they don't have it, Memo offers to get it for you.
This place is a Godsend to the neighborhood.
Great place to shop, very friendly family owned grocery that carries a wide range of product!
It's reasonably priced considering it's a small, independent store, and I love supporting them when I can.
I'm always greeted and asked if I am looking for anything specific, and on top of all that, there's free parking in their small lot.
Thank you-- I'll be back again and again :) Impressed by the level of selection and low prices for a store that size.
Great addition to the neighborhood... used to shop at the Western Ave location..
