Shoppers can find fresh seasonal produce, plants, cheese, bread, cookies, bagels,etc.
Herbs!Peony flowers!I am looking forward to tomato and cucumber season.
My waistline (and thighs) thanked me for leaving.There's plenty to choose from at the market, including produce, flowers and tons of bakery options to satisfy any sweet tooth.
Great location and a well-rounded selection of products.As far as farmers markets go, the Federal Plaza market is relatively small (maybe around 20 vendors?)
It's Bike Week in Chicago, so I don't know if Heritage Bikes is always there, but I grabbed an iced coffee (very strong!) and some cookies for Africa, that tasted very good.As I walked around, I liked the overall selection of vendors. 2 or 3 for produce, bread, donuts, several clothing... and most importantly, people were actively walking around, talking and shopping.
Nice place, wide variety, fresh from the farm (the guy we talked to was at his barn loading up at 2:45am) for what we looked at.
They have a lot of the same farms that appear at Green City Market (like Mick Klug Farm from Michigan), and several prepared food stalls as well (like Rock 'n Roll Noodles and Do-Rite Donuts).I've been disappointed several times by Golden Rise Bakery's pastries (spinach cheese pastry with very little filling, and a not-fresh, too-sweet apple fritter), but always enjoyed everything else.
The jams and jellies are just the best.
So far there's only one major produce stand, and a few other stands that sell jam/baked goods/salsa and also sell a bit of produce too.
Tons of flowers and plants that make me wish I had a porch.Right now they've got spring onions, green garlic, rhubarb, and other spring goodies.
A veritable maze of vendors set up in the plaza with everything from baked goods to produce to cheeses to soaps.
In my opinion, the produce is the gem and real draw of this market; there were at least 4-5 vendors with extensive fruit and vegetable choices.
I've been trying to make a point of heading here on my way into the office on Tuesdays to grab some fresh items and baked goodies.
I haven't been to a lot of farmers markets in the city, but this one is nicer than the ones I've been to in the 'burbs. It's not huge, but the vendors that are there have nice, fresh, produce for reasonable prices and good selection.
There are such a great variety of vendors, and I love the organic booth a lot.
Two vendors had fresh baked goods, I got a chocolate croissant as a breakfast treat for waking up so early! (Again soy-free, and most of his products were vegan as well, like the Nine Grain Bread I got today!)The majority of the other tents were fresh fruits and veggies, plus a lot of tents had homemade jams and honey.
It's Honeycrisp season right now, so I picked up a basket and some great Heirloom tomatoes, butternut squash, basil and a couple small yellow squash.
There is a decent selection of produce, plants, breads, and cheeses.
It's still early, so variety of produce is more limited than it will be come August, but I make a point of picking up asparagus and spring onions on a weekly basis.In addition to the standards, there are stands selling baked goods (one of which, Hearts and Flour, benefits Misericordia - one of my favorite local charities), honey, and all the flowers you could ever need.
Baked goods, Produce (Vegetables and Fruit) flowers, meat and also items that I haven't seen at other farmers markets like fresh roasted nuts and also sausages.
Produce take center stage, with baked goods, flowers, and cheeses to complement the fruit and veg.
The coconut cookies were especially tasty.Though I don't live in Chicago, and thus am not in a position to take advantage of much of their offerings, I'm of the mind that these markets should be mostly about brussels sprouts, corn, strawberries, and the like.
Having a selection of prepared foods makes it something that a nomad like me can take participate in.
That being said, you can usually find about 10 different booths that have a nice selection of items.
I've seen fresh fruit, veggies, dried fruits, baked goods, jams, sandwiches and other items that can be purchased.The last two Tuesday's I have stopped here around 8:30 in the morning before work.
My purchases have included jars of very berry jam and apple butter, dried apricots, and a nice big bottle of honey.
Some of my favorite past times in the Windy City.This farmer's market offers a variety of goods, ranging from organic honey to baked delicacies to handmade jewelry.
Early on, there are fewer vendors and not a lot to choose from.
As a result, I love being able to buy fresh herbs each week.There are also breadmakers and soap makers and other assorted vendors.
But you can't beat the veggie and fruite selection and prices.
I can spend $15 and leave with bags of asparagus, peaches, broccolli and golden beets.
The mushroom vendor and all the fruit and vegetable vendors are so nice, and the produce is so fresh.
There are definitely more vendors and more selection later in the season.
