I don't think I'll be shopping here anymore, the extremely rude and careless employees make the experience very unpleasant, as I was leaving today 2 female employees were on their break in front of the store, talking openly and loudly about how much they hate their work environment, not what I want to overhear as a customer.
I work in retail management and I can tell this store is poorly managed and has a high turn of employees who don't care about their job.
I've had a couple people here almost insist on giving me plastic bags for things like meat.
Deli counter- bought some sandwich and prepared lunch-- green peppers were spoiled, ruined the whole meal!The only reason for 2 stars vs 1 is that some of the staff are friendly and helpful.
Support local business I used to rave about this place to everyone and have been shopping there since they opened!
Fresh,Friendly,Ethical and Trust worthy.I say this after a lot of research.I go there every day.
Then the organic stuff, they carry a lot of organic stuff, which are from small companies and businesses.
Ensure it is from a smaller company (use "buycott" app for that)Cage Free Eggs -- Crap.
Even bigger cage, with access to outdoors, but chickens never access.Pasture raised -- Trust with caution.
I probably live between this location and the Downers Grove location, also on Ogden, but the in & out at this location and parking is much better!
Great soups and a great salad bar.
And who can resist a free fruit stand for little ones while you shop?
With a celiac family member, this store honestly saves me.
Veggies and fruits are reasonably priced and fresh.
Staff helpful and personable.
The prices couldn't be beat.
Idk some interesting stuff but can't bring myself to pay the prices for some of it.
They have great sales A cool alternative to Jewel or Mariano's.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Not a particularly large store, for me it would not be a place I could do all my shopping in, because they don't stock a lot of can goods.
Nothing I'm crazy about at this place, it's ok.
The staff is always friendly and helpful.
So glad this place is nearby for convenience.
Employees are super friendly and heloful.
When they are having a sale, it doesn't mean they are lowering their prices from CEO to middle management affordability.
They are very knowledgeable on the origins of their fish, which is of the utmost importance to my family.
Let's face it, atrocious farming practices are running rampant and most stores are not committed to helping customers avoid such "food". I look forward to my next trip!
Great place to grab lunch.
When items are on sale the prices are great.
The dry foods area, cereals, chips and jarred foods section is small and they don't carry name brand items such as Cheerios, Oreos, and Doritos.
They have a health food area with vitamins and protein bars that is pretty big.
But at a minimum it is convenient and on the whole less expensive than Whole Foods.
Whole Foods lost a customer !! tl;dr its the casual hipster of grocery stores, sort of in between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods in concept.
It really serves a need in the community and is right next to Naperville North High School, which means it's probably pretty convenient for many closeby families.
There's also a large amount of other organic-y products like essential oils and hand-crafted bar soaps and all that fun stuff your inner hippie will surely swoon for.
Their service is really friendly and will treat you like they would a person, not a shadow with money, and that's always nice.
Super convenient!
They had a decent supply of the things they did have, they also had a small section of wine, and a small section of cold cuts and cheese.
When they have sales on supplements, they have the best price around.
They were cited by the health department for having weevils (maggot insects) "We observed the trail mix bulk container where customers dispense from and did observe weevils in the container."
Very friendly and helpful employees.
And great prices!!
Close to home and a GREAT selection of food at fantastic prices.
The prices at the opening were very low and I'm sure they'll rise, but if they're smart, they'll keep them low and undercut the competition.
