This store puts me in the mind of whole foods just lest expensive.
So much cheaper than my beloved Whole Foods!I love that they tag each gluten free item on the shelf with a tag next to the price tag, so you can quickly scan the price tag areas looking for GF items.Tip: Sign up for the smart phone app.
The prices weren't great on the produce that wasn't on sale.
And if you're like me and you like to load up on grains, this is the place for you.
My overall review of the store is great, however, the meat counter needs to have better customer service.
There had to have been 5 to 6 customers behind me when a customer who was in lane 2 called to the girl bagging asking if anyone was working this register and when she was finished she went over.
A large, well-lit store with wide aisles.
Prices are high on many items but their sales are usually decent.
I like that they have a small kosher section, carry many cruelty-free items, and many vegan and vegetarian choices, kosher wine, and taffy.
Many employees are friendly, one a little too friendly by using f*ck in her conversation with me.
Just be friendly, professional and do your job in a relaxing manner without the f-bombs.
Great place but they seriously need a self check out or ten items or less lane.....lines get ridiculous but regardless I'll still go.
The staff is friendly and nice and I enjoy my checkout experience.
Their vitamin section is prime the workers are very friendly as well.
Always helped and greeted with smiles.
I mainly came here to post my two cons about this place because other wise it's great.
Lots of great options for gluten free or vegan but very expensive.
The staff are friendly, and if they don't have an answer, they find someone to explain the products to me.
Their selection is small compared to other stores but it helps Great new store, pizza is great and great price, sushi was fresh rolled for me at the sushi station, lots of choices and prices are good, definitely going here often!Try their homemade sausages Reminded me a bit of Trader Joes.
Shopped here a few times found what I needed, and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
Their organics can be higher priced.
Since I live by myself, most often I need small amounts so I like that I can buy only what I really need.
I've found the employees to be helpful and friendly.
In your herbal/ health section you have many items you could drive down the street to Fruitful Yield for at a much better price.
This place has a decent crowd of shoppers unlike most stores in the area.
I removed one star only because prices on some items are pretty outrageous.
This grocery store is a great addition to the greater Joliet area.
The prices are reasonable, too.
Finally, the store is clean and well organized and the staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.
Great store with great customer service!
It is nice to know there is a friendly staff available without having to drive all the way to Whole Foods and over spend.
Double Ad Wednesdays are even better (you get to shop both the sale prices of last week and the new sale prices).
The only downside is the high prices, but that's the norm for places such as this.
