The only organic fruit they had was grapes and pears.
Vegetables were slim pickings, too - some greens, carrots, tomatoes, onions and yams.
As you can see in my pictures, they have a nice affordable selection of meats.
Great selection, great deli, great subs.
We tried several items to include their Salmon, deli ham and chicken, and several cheeses and found for the price they are just average.
Great selection of fresh fruits and veggies, excellent sandwiches made at the deli (including a monster Cuban sandwich), more uber fresh prepared/packaged meals that are made in-store than anywhere else I've seen and a great meat counter.
They have a great selection of homemade sausages, comparable to Caputo's.
Food selection is pretty meh.
Need more organic fruits.
We have several food allergies in our family, and they have an awesome variety to meet our needs.
Unfortunately, with typical groceries, the prices tend to run on the high side and the selection isn't always the best.
I like that they are open a little earlier and have a large selection of bath and body products as well as health supplements which the Fresh Market does not, however, the produce here is no good.
I shop here at least once a week ( I still wish it was a Dominick's but that's different story), for me the store is only good for a few items Meat, produce and bulk food items (nuts, candy, etc..).
Great selection of kefer and yogurts.
Awesome selection of gluten-free products.
I just wish there was more sale items available. high prices, and I do mean high. the deli is 30% higher than most stores. watch the containers they provide for the prepared foods, the lids don't fit, I had a hell of a mess in my car with salad dressing everywhere. the meat dept is limited and mostly seems to sell sausages.
Their organic produce selection is moderate in size, but I can't seem to find any store that has a huge selection.
But they have a lot of various organic food items.
Lots of bulk items and spices, and honey and cooking oils.
They have a great selection of alternatives like soy products or products for vegans.
They also have a huge selection of health and wellness products such as vitamins, minerals and supplements.
They also have the best selection of trail mixes, nuts, granola and even flour!
