If you look closely in the aisles you'll find baskets of free samples and free recipe books.
I am very impressed with this store and also the employees.
The employees were all so nice and helpful.
This store has the rudest employees I've ever encountered.
As I got close to the register, the manager was clearly agitated that she was being interrupted by a customer.
Also, there is no customer service counter.
TJ's customer service is amazing!
They bend over backwards to help their customers.
Their prices are way too high and they hardly have any organic fruit.
Finding it will score them a special treat on checkout, just don't tell the produce guy or most people on the floor because they have no clue about the treasure hunt for some reason (even though there are signs everywhere).Also, a big shout-out for the "water samples," my toddler son's favorite part of the whole trip.
Poor customer service.
Employees at registers standing around, not helping.
Prices may be a bit higher than Walmart, but they are competitive.
They carry our fav products "dr bronners" and have THE best prices around.
Everything is always neatly stock and the staff is incredibly friendly.
I always see "that one guy that smiles all the time" and it's great.
This is the place to go not only for great produce and other great products but also for genuine customer service and just playing friendly people.
The customer service, which is non existent, is laughable.
The staff stands around and talks with each other rather than help especially at the register.
Excellent beer selection, lots of local favorites at prices comparable to cheaper than Jewel.
I see a lot of people complain about the prices, but you have to realize that food cost has increased more than almost any other consumable in the past 10 years.
Prices are HIGH for most everything.
I have to make a return later today, so we'll see how that goes The store is great.......for people who care about their health.
There the ones that are mostly fat with very little meat, this is blatantly cheating the customer and it pisses me off.
So if you shop the value packs for the good price just know you might be in for a surprise at this store.
The guy Greg is lacking honorable training skills its crazy that they put him in charge....the best thing today for me about this place was the exit door Very friendly staff.
Nice to see lots of products that other stores don't carry.
The produce are scattered in different areas, so I had to ask for help in finding things, but all the employees were VERY kind and helpful.
Let them restock or anything else that doesn't involve customer interaction.
Please management review your staff & product.
Shelves were empty, looked like the store was having a going out of business sale.
This place is great but not for the average joe.
