If this is how you treat all your customers then it amazes me as to how this store stays in business.
Thanks to your manager (no name tag, gee what a shock) you lost current and future sales from me.
Wish the prices were a little better but most of their stuff is organic so can't really complain .
Employees are nice too Finally, an AMAZING grocery store out this way.
This place is so fresh, and has welcoming employees, if it wasn't for the high prices I'd shop more often.
The few things that are on sale are REALLY on sale and everything else is Whole Foods prices.
Because of the Grand Opening they have lots of free samples all over the store but I'm not sure how long it will all last.
Prices seemed good to me and they double their sales on Wednesdays!
We have found pricing for the poultry here to be fair.
Pricing for those items seem higher than expected.
Friendly and informative staff.
But the experience is always good, nice staff working there and lots of interesting food finds.
Sadly, they have gotten rid of their bulk candy that you portion out yourself (which was a big draw for me), but there are still lots of prepackaged candy for purchase.
Some stuff was priced well below Whole Foods and they had some great sales...other items were similarly priced to Whole Foods.
The employees were all quite friendly and helpful.So, why not 5 stars?
Friendly staff, great products and reasonable prices.
Regular price on 12 pack bottles of Miller Light is 7.99 whereas it's $8.49 at Mariano's.
Nice checkers and staff.
All staff are super nice (unlike Mariano's!)
Never super crowded.
They offer free fruit for kids.
This place is good when they have specials - you can get some good deals on sausages and fish at the stand.
A nice alternative to Jewel and other "traditional" grocery stores, and less expensive than Whole Foods.
Staff are friendly and helpful, and the gentleman who works in the vitamin/bodycare section is very knowledgeable.
Very glad to have them in the neighborhood.
This place has potential, but lacks the turnover that many other places have.
While it's bright and bold with high ceilings there's no kitsch like TJ's, just great products at low prices.One of the first things of interest when you walk in is the Honey Bar.
Why should consumers be excited to shop at a place that "theme parks" its identity?
They serve the person first who climbs over the top of everyone else to get to the very small deli counter to be in front.
From what I see it's an over priced Mariano's wanna be.
Great service friendly staff.
Prices were also competitive.My only comment would be the baggers need some training.
Their prices are significantly lower than Whole Foods and Mariano's and the employees are all very sweet.
I wish all the stores had this large parkings.The kids in the store try their best, you just have to compliment them on it.
Always had the nicest service.The room for improvement part: vegetables should be rinsed before they get on the shelf.
The prices are very high.
And the last little thing: the bakery dept non-existent.
Sorry, it just does not stand competition with any other store.I did not buy much at the meat/fish departments.Everything else is great, including the wine/beer tastings they hosted last couple of Wednesdays.
Great vitamin and supplement department.
Really friendly and welcoming staff that are willing to help with anything.
This place is like While Foods and Trader Joes all in one but the prices are lower than Whole Foods.
The staff have always been fantastic and friendly.
It's less expensive than whole foods, less crowded, and well stocked.The fresh cut fruit is a bit high, and not always ripe.
They're just not enjoyable cold.Other than that, staff is super helpful, you never have to deal with a crazy parking lot, or long lines, and it's immaculately clean.If you're looking for a healthy store - this one's for you!!
It's like a slightly smaller, less expensive whole foods.
This super market is like Whole Foods at Trader Joe pricing.
Great sales.
Chicken outlet was decent prices since they didn't trim any fat off Best deal... 2 for $1 on green bell peppers.
It looks like a Disney Epcot version of Whole Foods with all the high prices and none of the charm.
Everyone there is friendly enough, but I think this concept is doomed to fail without some serious retooling.
If you eat more than your fair share of fruits and veggies...you will love this place.
I wasn't impressed and found their prices to be on par with Whole Foods.
Friendly staff, easy parking.
Prices are right.
Employees are extremely friendly and accommodating to your needs.
I like the fat that it is small and manageable.
Wonderful addition to the neighborhood.
They seem to have the cashiers serving customer service, I had an incredibly long wait, because the one cashier did things other than checking the customer out!
Helping a customer should be in a place other than while someone, even one, person is waiting behind.
A place that makes it stressful for customers will lose them.
I judge a store by the service I receive and how well their employees have been trained.
The staff is helpful and they are approachable.
Great place and all the same products as Whole Foods minus the high prices.
Clean, helpful.people and they pack all these great items in a smaller store so shopping is much more efficient than a place like Mariano's.
The sales, especially produce, are the selling point for me; otherwise, it's a little too expensive for my budget.
