On my visit yesterday I noticed moldy/bad produce, expired items in the refrigerated cases, and the most shocking of all, moldy almond based cheese in the vegan case!
Ive always shopped at Meijer, where I'm from because they're produce is pretty good, but not always.
Fresh Thyme gives you a great bang for your buck.
Great produce, healthy choice bulk products, fresh sushi and breads and they're lunch meats are definitely comparable.
They even have cultured butter (expensive, but healthier choice) I am your new favorite loyal customer, Fresh Thyme.
Got alll high quality and organic foods there.
The veggies are always fresh with amazing prices, but now it's '3 strikes you're out' with the meat.
I don't know what kind of food storage/packaging/labeling procedures this store is practicing, but there's obviously something going on.I used to love you, Fresh Thyme, but I'm not going to keep shopping there just for veggies.
All fresh produce are stocked daily.
When i buy the Kalona Organic milk, usually they have like 10 half gallons and when they are out, they do not restock it until the next day.The same can be said for produce.
I use the app "buycott" to scan every product's barcode and this store carries the highest number of organic products that are from small companies.
The produce are mostly from Michigan, Wisconsin and Washington.Stocked almost daily.
If you're looking for GOOD organic produce, this is your best bet...the prices are VERY reasonable here!
What they have is always very fresh.
Freshly ground peanut butter and OJ that's squeezed onsite and tastes like candy is what keeps me coming back though.
Meats are great with lots of organic choices.
They always have great items on sale and both their produce and meats are some of the best I've gotten from nearby stores.
I don't come here much for their canned goods (more expensive than the regular grocery store, usually), but they have an awesome bulk, natural, and organic selection that is far cheaper than Whole Foods.
Produce is good and sale prices are good.
Lotsa organic items.
I only buy organic for the "dirty dozen" of produce, but they have non organic too in decent amounts.
Great organics and house branded items.
Also, the best rotisserie chicken we have ever had!
They offer a lot of natural and organic produce and products.
Sometimes their organic produce is cheaper than the regular stuff at other stores.
Some of my recent sale item purchases include: 99 cents organic green peppers!99 cents a pound organic apples, oranges, grapefruit!Buy one get one free organic kombucha drinks!Buy one one free organic ice cream!Buy one get one organic free tortilla chips!I have also had a very pleasant experience with their meat and seafood department from both a quality and service standpoint.
The produce section is pretty nice.
I like Fresh Thyme for some things but they will never replace my regular grocery store.
What there is, is of good quality.
The produce is great.
Have been to the Naperville Fresh Thyme as well as the one in East Lansing, MI, and both have been amazing!!
The food here is all organic and is, therefore, pretty expensive; not quite as bougie as whole foods, but its also no Cermak.
Fantastic bakery, really fresh and innovative breads.
Excellent fresh produce and fantastic meat counter.
We've been on a diet this year and Fresh Thyme has been a real partner in our weight loss, as their fresh veggies and fruit have been key to our healthy eating.
Everything was fresh and vibrant.
I didn't buy anything but I'll be back for produce for sure, not many registers so I'll know not to come on a weekend! lol other than that I'm looking forward to giving them my business This is the place to go for fresh veggies and some supplements.
The prices on the veggies are great, both organic and non, and the quality is the best.
I will never return to this store, or any Fresh Thyme Market, due to their lack of care for public health.
Never a bad experience here Fresh Thyme had a good selection of fresh vegetables - organic.
Prepared foods looked fresh.
Bakery goods were delicious.
Purchasing items in bulk section excellent especially organic!
Juices are unique and organic!Great store and better solution than Whole Foods.Prices at Fresh Thyme better than Whole Foods!Nice to see that people can have fresh organic items that are reasonable priced!
Huge produce department with lots of good looking produce!!
So many delicious fresh products to try and great deals!
I also love their homemade nut butters especially the honey roasted peanut butter and also the fresh milled oats.
Great produce, lots of cruelty free products, and they sometimes have absolutely wonderful deals on random things (like a container of blackberries for 88 cents!).
Good produce.
So Fresh Thyme, be smart and put one in.
Fresh Thyme has a great concept but the staff appears to be incapable of or indifferent to carrying it out.
Great produce, deli and meat counter.
