The chicken prices?
The staff was very helpful.
They have a Lunch Deal for $4.99 for half a sandwich and small soup.
Some things here are still overpriced, some aren't. there's something for everyone.
I had fully intended on stopping here to grab a few items for dinner, while checking out the selection , however after seeing the lines my plan quickly changed and I shifted into browse mode instead.The layout of this store is pretty simple, its actually larger than the typical Aldi's & Trader Joe's yet much smaller than a Schnucks or Dierbergs.
The staff seemed friendly and there was always someone nearby if you needed any assistance.
I liked what I saw, but I will recommend visiting during off peak hours to avoid the crowds.
The people stocking are always friendly and helpful.
Great mix of health conscious inventory with budget conscious prices (most of the time).
Prices are good.
The place is packed with people and no one knows where anything is, so it's really like navigating a human maze.
The location is small.
They appear reasonably priced but if it's not on special seems like it's a little bit higher than Dierbergs.
Although the rest of the store makes it unlikely I will go there again.Did I mention that the store is small and crowded?
The butcher case was disappointingly small.
It's very large for a store this size and can be compared only to Whole Foods.
Sadly even though they stock a lot of the same brands as Whole Foods, I still find myself wishing they had more of what I'm looking for (at reasonable prices).
They're good for some things and not great for others.
Prices are good...not the best service.
I enjoy going here for lunch and getting one of their sandwiches, which I will add is a nice price, and I now prefer going here then the other local spots.
I like the layout of the store and the staff are pleasant.
Luckily we found this place immediately and felt right at home!
Best prices on the best lunch meat (Boar's Head Brand).
It will probably take a year to see the hubbub die down but even though it's crowded you won't break the bank stocking up on goodies!
Right know the prices are good.
I am sure after the grand opening the prices will be comparable to Whole Foods.
I found the employees friendly and to be pretty nice and helpful. i don't see it being a place i will go for regular grocery shopping.
The little children size samples with the baby spoons of cashew almond and peanut butter makes shopping here A breeze :-) I was home for a holiday from CA and was shocked to see a healthy market in the Belleville, IL area.
The parking lot was packed at 7:30 in the morning and pretty much stayed that way for at least two weeks any time I went.
And the employees will offer you a sample if you ask them about it.*The juice bar.
The only sad part about it is that the prices are pretty um...high. $6.99 for 64 oz of OJ. $3 for a little bottle of green fluids. *The beer and wine department: The guy who works the aisles knows his stuff.
You can buy how much you need at a time, and the prices are fairly reasonable too.
They have a salad and antipasto bar, self-serve, reasonably priced.
They have cooler cases with quick meal and salad options; also reasonably priced.
But the shrimp on special looked grossly frozen and dried out behind the counter, much to my surprise. *Prices: Like anywhere else, you're going to have to do your homework.
It's not exactly the cheapest prices around, but it's not the most expensive.
Also see above for the OJ price.
People chat in the middle of the aisles without any clue that there are people behind them wanting to go through.
Or the mom who let her kid slam into carts with his little shopping cart while doing nothing about it.
Or the other mom who used her hands to get peanut butter samples for her kids, sucked her fingers, and then WIPED HER FINGERS on the bulk barrel top behind her.
I really would have liked to see this great place in a larger space.
The staff has always been great as well.
My kids love the little shopping carts so they can help out and the samples they give.
The only things more expensive here than at the grocery store are the dairy and frozen foods.
Contradictory to other reviewers, I think that now that it has been open for a while, the crowd has really died down.
It's not empty, but definitely not crowded.
Some of it is over expensive, while there are some really, really good deals occasionally.
Great options and a decent price.
Very friendly staff and helpful.
