I love Fresh Thyme because they have large selection of products at much cheaper prices than Whole Foods.
The produce is always super fresh and they also have fresh breads, baked goods, and a nice meat and seafood selection.
I love the fresh produce options, the "free fruit for kids" stand, wonderful bulk section, meat selection.
My previous review stated that fruits and veggies were cheap but went bad quick....something changed about that...I'm able to keep fruits and veggies for at least a week! the french bread is still the same...unsanitary...i wouldn't recommend anyone buying their bread...imaging a ton of people touching it. eww gross. germs. yuck!sometimes you can score awesome deals here...other times you don't.
I noticed some pretty good deals on the sale items, and plan on making a return trip when it isn't so crowded.In addition to the usual grocery store selection, Fresh Thyme offered a wide variety of vitamins, protein powders, gluten free, and organic items.
Typically the fresh berries are very good, but when packed under the onions, oranges and other heavy items they don't make it home without being bruised.
I especially like their selection of travel sized products.
I enjoy their produce, nice selection of healthy breads, and their meat when it's on sale.
I don't buy much here because I eat a mostly whole food diet, but they have a lot of selections for various tastes and allergies.
They also have a fantastic variety of amazing deli salads!
I was impressed with the selection and service!
I found a great selection of organic produce and unprocessed foods.
It's cheaper than Whole Foods, and it has more variety than Trader Joe's.
I like that it does try to source locally and has a very impressive organic and gluten-free selection, along with an encompassing homeopathic section. *The small grocery carts, which are a lot easier to maneuver.*The produce: Lots of turnover and really good prices.
Small coffee counter.*The bakery: Really nice selection, but do you really have to display your breads out in the open like that?
Really good variety of seafood too.
Any fruits and veggies I need are here.
I like the variety and prices.
Many items are hard to find elsewhere.
