Store is not very big but everything here is healthy meaning on the organic side.
I really enjoy shopping at Fresh Thyme.
This is irrelevant to me but a detail I really appreciate about the store is that they clearly label all their products at vegan/gluten free, etc. so that it is easier for those with restrictions to pick up what they need.
If it wasn't for that Fresh Thyme would have my 5 stars.
Fresh Thyme was sparkling clean, spacious, perfectly organized, gleaming organic produce and lots of it and just the absolute best quality of everything.
The Fresh Thyme in Joliet has much better prices.
In this way I think of Fresh Thyme almost like another version of Fresh Market or smaller Sunset Foods.
Loved that they had produce, cut produce (for my lunch), and regular bagged/canned products.
Also, the good amount of in-store sales are nice too.
Bought fresh wheat bread from bakery and it was delicious.
Lots of organic options and health foods.
Produce is fresh.
The produce is always in great shape wich is becoming much harder to find with most grocery stores in the area.
I cannot wait for this store to open in Milwaukee!I'm hoping our local store will be very much like this one.
Two quarts of organic strawberries were 88 cents each.
I loved my Thanksgiving shopping at Fresh Thyme, although a busy day the entire staff was helpful and even took the time to escort me to what I was looking for.The bulk bins are so organized,the items and the cost visible on everything.Great selection at the deli and meat counters,with some awesome prepared dishes as well.I also found some new health products to try.Definitely a great grocery store without being pretentious .
So glad they're alive [raises both arms to the sky for emphasis].I'm getting hooked, mainly because of the hard-to-find artisan, food-maker brands.PSS Is it gonna kill Fresh Thyme to add a number pully thingy at deli?
You could get a good deal on beef/poultry plus some outstanding deals on select produce items.
You'll still find some produce items practically for free, but it's just not worth stopping here on a regular basis.However, the honey nut peanut butter freshly made in store makes this place worthy of a stop every once in a while.
Mom and I love their produce because its reasonably priced and looks good.
Its hard to buy organic bc its so expensive but this place is great it lets you to be able to afford healthy foods and snacks.
Organic is on sale regularly as well as other healthy products.
Fresh Thyme!!
As a grocery snob (self proclaimed), I know a good healthy, fresh, real food store when I find one.
The fresh is always well marbled, and extremely tender.
I'm not a huge deli meat person, but they have all natural meats- high quality, and pleasant people to serve you.D) Organic produce.
The meats and sausages are fresh and delicious.
They also have a nice natural body product section which I appreciate cause there aren't too many places that sell those items around here.
The Swiss cheese tasted like plastic.
The downside, as usual, is high cost organics.
Great produce.
This is a wonderful store.
Great organic produce at affordable prices.
Had a bad experience with the Garlic Lemon Cod fillets from the "fresh" fish counter.
Fresh fish should not "smell like fish."
I bought the "fresh natural" sale chicken and when I opened it and turned over the breasts they were mealy and had bad freezer burned.
Fresh veggies very good.
You might call me an evangelist for Fresh Thyme.
Produce stays fresh many days in the fridge.
Only change recommended would be better quality deli meats.
Best Grocery Store From Fresh Produce, Great Section Of Organic.....you will love this place they have some great deals on produce here, but nothing else is worth it. if I were going to pay these kinds of prices for the vast majority of a store's products, I'd just go to whole foods, where at least they have a bigger selection. overall, nothing special and I would only go, if I was passing by. with other, better grocery store options out there, this place would simply, not be a top choice.
If they would sell their organic dairy and eggs for a little bit less, I could get everything I need there and be pretty happy.
Prospect to get a Fresh Thyme.
Prices for organic foods are not bad - apples and bananas essentially the same as not organic.
Staff product knowledge in the vitamin section is better than any health food store.
A highlight is the fresh squeezed orange juice by the dairy area.
