They have tons of deals on organic produce and their homeopathic aisles are insanely good!
This grocery store was pretty good when it first opened.
If you need to talk to a manager, you have to wait in line at the cashier to ask to speak to a manager - or even get an employee to help you.Today I went into the store to buy organic chicken that was 50% off.
I looked all over the meat section and couldn't find any of this organic chicken.
I said, "Do you have any of the Coleman organic chicken that's 50% off?"
That's another thing - all their organic produce was supposed to be 25% off this weekend, too.
There were some empty places in the produce section where the veggies should have been, but no one was in produce stocking the shelves.This place is pathetic, I'm done.
You've lost a customer, Fresh Thyme.
They have a nice assortment of produce and their aisles have some hard to find organic stuff.
They have Coconut Butter, which seems hard to find at the typical grocery chain. they have a section of the store that is close to what you would find at the Vitamin Shoppe and at similar prices.All in all, they have a nice selection and if you shop their deals you can leave with quality foods on the cheap.
If Whole Foods and Marianos had a baby, they would name it Fresh Thyme.
Admittedly, there are certain products that you can find for much cheaper elsewhere, but if you're a savvy shopper, you'd be remiss to leave Fresh Thyme out of your rotation.
If you've got kiddos in tote, make sure they keep an eye out for a vintage looking red tractor, hidden somewhere in the store.
I like the look of the sales until I see the quality of the product in store.
This is not Walmart or Jewel, where it may be hard to find high quality fresh produce.
All in all it is a good idea but with our area having Fresh and World Markets it may not fair well.
In addition Josephs produce and deli products are cheaper and yet boasts the same quality.
The first two times I visited this store, I was specifically looking for fresh thyme - and they were out of it both times!!!!
You pay more for perfect looking produce.
The produce manager has always been kind and is very knowledgeable about the product that he sells.
Produce is average yet expensive.
Ding dong, the dairy - oh my, how high.
But, if you are the type of person who shops at multiple stores, I would definitely add Fresh Thyme into your rotation.
I don't mind buying other things here, but anything that is supposed to be "fresh" I'd rather get from The Fresh Market.
I don't mind paying a little more there for better quality produce and perishable items.
But they pissed me off this week they had Pork chops on a good sale if you buy the value pack, well I bought some and the ones on top were good looking pork chops, however when I opened the package to sort and freeze they put two very large what some call Blade cut, or Country cut pork chops.
There salmon was very good and fresh.
It's always fresh.
I brought that to a clerks attention and he said, yeah you had to watch that........really? no shit? they do offer a lot of organic/vegan/gluten free items, if that meets your needs. just be prepared to pay for it. ill stick to Fresh market, also pricey, but worth it.
They have fresh squeezed oj cheaper than other stores I've seen.
The produce looked in pretty good shape.
Definitely larger than a popular chain "organic" food store.
I don't usually write a review, unless the product/service is especially good or bad to warrant remarks.
The sandwiches were ill made...stale bread, minimum amount of meat, condiments & veggies not fresh.
I would consider this store a health food store rather than a "grocery store".
