AND they make sure to set aside some for us twice a week!Their prices are fairly competitive and when they have sales, the are often less than the larger grocery stores.
They care for their customers.
Not only are they still a great place to get some of the best brands you can purchase, but the employees that work here are relaxed, helpful, and happy.
Decent prices, too!
A business that doesn't care about it's customer needs is doomed to fail.
There are probably 5 customers in the store.
Many items are fresh and reasonably priced.
(I refused to pay $6 for a small head of cauliflower, though.)
Many of the employees are nice and helpful or try to be.
Also, very friendly staff.
Great prices on their house brands, and good prices on brands that I recognize.The packaged food aisles are to one side of the store and probably comprise about 25% of the store if you don't count the vitamins, etc., which are another 10% of the store.
The prices may or may not be good for those products, which almost always cost more than the big producer's products.
Prices mostly are very good.
They usually are better priced in the fruits and vegetable aisles than we find at our local groceries.
They also have tons of free samples throughout the store.
Although it is a kind of natural foods place, it is about twice the size of Trader Joe's and about half the price of Whole Foods.
And since neither C-U nor Bloomington-Normal have either of those, this is a great addition.
Clean, friendly, great fruits and vegetables, really good meat and deli departments, nicely sized, and well priced.
She had a real attitude and did not seem to want to interact with anyone, let alone customers.
Their deli employees are much more friendly than the ones at the Hy-Vee deli.
Their prices are also much more reasonable for their store brand sandwich meat that is gluten-free and preservative free.
Easily best place to shop in Bloomington normal area.
Easy access.
Meat counter is by far the smallest in town.
Getting someone to help you while shopping was an absolutely joke, no customer care at all.
Opening and staffing a new store is super difficult and of course they'll have some hiccups at first.
Here are a list of this particular store's advantages for me: They have THE best and most reasonably priced bulk foods section in the area.
