Thank you for the great options I love going to Fresh Thyme!
Their loss leader buys on meat and produce on the front of the circular can't be beat!
The pork and chicken chorizo sausage Is good.
They also have excellent buys in shrimp that are either $4.99 or $5.99 per pound and they are big and deveined and delicious!
When Fresh Thyme opened in Fairview Heights IL (in addition to multi locations in the metro area &and Various locations in the USA) I was leary and wondered how they would or could compare to other nationally known "wholesome food" and regional grocers.I'll admit I was initially "underwhelmed" by certain selections.....But then discovered where IMO Fresh Thyme outshines the competition hands down!Their Amazing meat department.
Because I know beef can vary we gave it time...and tracked diligently, overall flavor,tenderness we soon realized that each and every time Fresh Thyme came out on top.....But while Beef stood out what I discovered about the chicken is simply one of the greatest food quality finds I've ever made.
Then I tried Fresh Thyme Chicken, the first thing I noticed was that it appeared to be fresh, packaged inhouse and not "factory packaged"..... chicken pieces were meaty (like when grandma cooked chicken when I was a kid!)
Cheaper than the odd tasting factory chicken I had previously purschased elsewhere! (again names that start with a "T" or "P") Finally I talk to one of the butchers at Fresh Thyme..and Said "hey great job on the meat and especially the chicken,its so fresh and doesn't taste odd like those other big brands I purschased big brand named chicken from other stores"What he said next stunned me!
I used to work at two other grocers meat departments, and in all likelihood the odd flavor you noticed is because those big brand companies GAS the chicken to keep it fresh longer, at Fresh Thyme we get our chicken in Fresh daily and package it here""I said wait!
The butcher stated "those other companies gas the chicken with a formaldehyde type product to keep it fresh longer, for longer shelf life" Well theres no question where I will buy Chicken and Other Meats!
The sandwich​ was on the most delicious fresh, soft, pretzel bread, my soup was chicken tortilla (3.5 /5).
Okay, so as I turned the corner heading to the checkout I caught sight of the lemon scone...I had to try it....it was fresh, lemony, and moist. #foodie #freshthyme #fairviewhieghtsil #stlmetrofoodie I think it's about time Fresh Thyme gets an extra star!
FINALLY, someone in the area knows how to make a fresh loaf of sourdough bread.
Well done, Fresh Thyme.
Love the store and quality of products.
The focus here is mostly organic or mostly healthier options.
If you are looking for good quality meat, cheese, deli, veggies, fruit and bakery items...THIS is the place.
Even aldis does better than this.The seafood department really appears to be the only area where I seen the store having a distinct advantage.
Maybe my expectations were just too high...I grow tired of the same, mediocre quality meats, produce, selection, etc., at the typical Schnucks.
I had hoped this place was going to be a ray of sunshine in the desert of quality grocery stores.
Nope.We shopped here hoping to find a nice cut of meat (hoping for quality brisket) to smoke for our Christmas Eve dinner.
We also expected to find some fresh veggies to add to the grill.
What???We glanced at the fresh veggies, but at that point we were essentially done with Fresh Thyme Farmers Market.
Great fresh produce and prepared food items BUT good luck getting sale items.
I like Fresh Thyme.
I am use to seeing items at stores that aren't as fresh or tasty.
I love the store set-up and they have amazing sale prices on produce.
Produce deals that can't be beat anywhere.Also- you will never wait in line here....There is a rumor that they're opening a store in Chesterfield.
It's crowded I won't lie on that fact but it's one of the best places in town to get fresh produce that isn't a week old unlike what you get at the grocery stores.
Their fresh juices are AMAZING!
The organic eggs are huge and taste better then any other egg I've gotten.
A local and organic goods market on the other side of the river.
I like the fresh salad and sushi bar.
Except at Whole Foods you can expect great customer service and higher quality goods.
I wrote to them about it on Facebook and they removed my post so I guess it's not an issue to them.Overall, I find Fresh Thyme to be underwhelming and lacking in many areas.
If you are looking for good quality and value wine and cheese, for instance, believe you are better off going to Aldi.Just think what the area really desires is Trader Joe's and this does not fulfill that need.
It's still pretty packed on weekends and evenings but daytime during the week is not quite so bad.One big disappointment was how water soaked the fresh produce is.
One of the best kept Grocery secrets is that they over water the fresh vegetables so they rot in your refrigerator faster.
It was disappointing to see the store following that path.Their sales are really good.
Also I like TJ's soy cream a lot better than what I found at Fresh Thyme.Having said that, I will say emphatically this place is great and it's long overdue for Illinois!
There's carrot, a green one, berry, and the oh-so-amazing OJ.
It honestly was like a half sandwich to me, and while it was good (not amazing), I was still hungry afterwards.
Sorry, Fresh Thyme.
If you're looking for fresh & natural food you'll find it here.
The best salads for cheap and the food is so fresh.
However sometimes the produce isn't exactly quality, or quickly goes bad.
Here, you get organic food for about the same or for less than regular (pesticide) food at supermarkets.
The produce is organic, cheap, and fresh.
My produce is healthier and half the price it was before!
