Great sales!
Staff is always friendly and upbeat and willing to help or assist.
Easy access lot parking.
Very friendly and helpful staff.
It was a fun outing!
The new one in River Forest seems to be a little smaller.
I'm pretty easy-going as a person, yet I certainly appreciated his attentiveness and customer service.
The cashier and bagger were super nice.
I found prices on most items reasonable and the atmosphere is less pretentious than fellow competitors that emphasize on carrying natural and organic foods.
This is a great neighborhood market.
The produce section is great and reasonably priced.
Super friendly staff, especially the cashiers and the butcher counter.
The prices are Whole foods and the look is Trader Joe's.
The down side is that some items are outrageously priced, whereas others appear to be both healthy and affordable.
And the prices?
A few examples: Unsalted Kettle Potato Chips (try 'em you'll like 'em), Dave's Killer Bread (thin-sliced), Bantam Bagels (of Shark Tank fame).The staff is super friendly and helpful and they have great sales.I would give them a perfect score if they bump up their organic wine selection and reuse/recharge their gift cards instead up cutting them up and tossing them once they have a $0 balance.
Amazing location with great prices and especially a very nice produce selection among many other grocery items at a very competitive price.
The staff at this location are always welcoming and friendly.
They have a very professional store management team as well who set a great example for the employees.
Definitely a nice addition to the neighborhood.
It reminds me of a Trader Joe's with Whole Foods prices.
When I entered I was greeted by a number of employees.
I work in customer service and I dare not speak to a particular customer for whatever reason.
The neighborhood waited and waited for this place to open, and we got ... this?
(375 for 45 minutes in case anyone needs directions) The opening was crowded but ran efficiently.
Smaller than the Elston store, but same products with a little variation.
Small but has all the essentials to prep a meal.
Great customer service.
The people who work there are super friendly and helpful.
I absolutely love this store, it is Whole Foods without the high prices and it's Marianos without the crappy useless products.
And the staff, the friendliest people work there.
It has easy parking (read: plentiful spaces, and you can park your mom car here without fear of hitting your neighbor when you pull out.)
Like Whole Foods without the whole paycheck prices and pretentious atmosphere.
