My go to grocery store for fresh vegetables and higher quality selections of meat, cheese, and snacks.
Their price is not something I personally would complain about, the reason why shop here is because they carry higher quality selections.
Fresh Thyme markets all have a large produce section and, though they are spread across the Midwest, tend to use relatively local suppliers for their fresh fruits, vegetables, and even some of their meats.
They have a strong focus on "organically grown" non-GMO foods and, if that is what you seek, you don't have to inspect everything carefully before putting it in your cart.
They do sell some non-organics, but the manager at the Terre Haute FTFM told me that the only ones sold are fruits and vegetables (and meats) where organic is deemed not to be so important (like asparagus or avocados).
He also implied that, unless company policy changes, they would discontinue any non-organic food if it comes to be shown the non-organic is more dangerous.I love that their fresh produce covers about half the store.
Lots of choices and, at least so far, everything is really fresh.
The products here are natural, organic, etc., so you won't find regular Shredded Wheat, but rather a similar organic version.
Excellent on produce, in fact.
Ditto the fresh and frozen meats, as well as many of the prepared foods like sandwiches.
Another nicety is that they offer free fresh fruit by the doors for you kids.
NIce quality products.
It tastes like Easter ham, and does not trigger my migraines!
Fresh food but lots of sales to make it no more expensive then other places.
Try the fresh ground cashew and almond butter.
Their own brand products are amazing and cheaper than other stores.
I have switched to here over Hy-Vee The produce section is smaller and spread out rather than in one section like at a normal grocery store.
You can grind your own fresh peanut butter and it is FAN-TASTIC.
You can even buy liquid aminos in bulk and if you don't know what liquid aminos are, try them instead of soy sauce and prepare for your mind to be blown.
If you love health food stores and bulk dried goods you're in for a treat.
