I will be coming here more often, good selection on bulk bins but it doesn't have regular chocolate(for baking).
Few wine selections, friendly cashiers..
This store is very neat and tidy with a nice assortment of products that you don't always see.
From the standpoints of quality of produce, organic pricing and selection, raw nut and seed selection, non-dairy variety, and pre-made salad creativity, this is the best supermarket in Chicagoland.They have the best raw bulk macadamia prices by about half, and our shopping bill for raw vegan items is markedly lower than when we shop anywhere else.We love this place and give it our highest recommendation.
However, the selection really needs to improve -- for example, the coffee selection is really no better than what a single Starbucks location would carry and the tea selection is really no bigger than Vitamin Shoppe.
Alcohol selection is okay, but really lacks any rare or specialty craft beers -- which can easily be found at cheaper prices at any local Binnys.In short, I do like the concept, look, and atmosphere of the store but wish that there was a more unusual selection of items or lower prices overall so I don't have to only buy the items on sale.July 19th, 2015 --- bumping up a star as the sales seem to keep the prices more reasonable and they seem to do a better job at making sure items are well stocked and produce looks fresher than a year ago.
Fresh produce and a variety of prepared foods, including great vegetarian options!
This location carries a wide selection of vitamins, herbs and medicine for a grocery store.
Similar to Whole Foods as far as nice artisan selection of baked goods, cheeses, produce etc. and plenty of unique dry goods and frozen items (including plenty of gluten free options) but without the vast amounts of annoying hipsters crowding every corner of the store (well, at least not yet, anyway).
Second time in and great sales and lots of options.
Otherwise - overpriced 'health' market- small selection of fruits and veggies. - on sale days the produce is not fresh and almost bad + stuff sells out fast so there's nothing to choose from (I.e. 1 small container of raspberries, Maybe half a watermelon)Not big enough to get all of your grocery shopping done.
A lot of great healthy selections and pre-made meals.
They often sell expired items or items one day close to expiration.
Pick the size jar you want and tap your chosen variety to take home.
Bell pepper in every color were 69 cents.Almond milk yogurt, which I cannot find anywhere in Milwaukee was 1.29 per cup so I had to give it a try.There's a good variety of frozen foods, with prices much better than Whole Foods.In fact, as I walked out I thought to myself this place is going to give Whole Foods and other similar stores a real run for their money.And competition is stores can only be good for consumers so the Milwaukee store opening cannot come soon enough!
First of fifty to comeWas heading towards another store and glad we stoppedDeli had great selection of boars head meats & cheese.
Nice meat selection with game meat.
Decent fish case also good selection of marinated meats and sausage.
Produce selection was excellent.
Also nice liquor dept craft beers and bulk selection.
Between this and Mariano's, my grocery store cup runneth over.If you like the selection of Whole Foods, but don't like paying Whole Foods prices, this is definitely the store for you.
Lots of items that i have been searching for for quite a while and haven't been able to find in person, plus they have over 1,200 gluten free items.
This small-ish store is a limited selection place featuring lots of organic produce, health-store quantities of "supplements", bulk quantities of unusual grains & spices, and, maybe surprisingly, a liquor section.
I really like the selection they have.
Good selection of unique meats... ground elk, organic ground beef, bison.
I am always leary of meat items in marinades since it can be used to mask old product.
The selection is just as good here and the prices are better.
They always have a decent selection of organic produce.
They have a huge selection of vegan and gluten free products; I'm sure other dietary needs as well.
They also have a great beer and wine selection as well as personal care stuff.
Bulk selection is good, and good sales on organics; the bakery stuff has been hit or miss, some stuff is cheap, refined goods that aren't even as good as, say, Jewel bakery items, and others are a little more wholesome and tasty; you can usually tell just by looking.
Sale items can run out, which is frustrating, and while they will give you a rain check, they don't always offer that option unless you ask.
If the sale items in the meat section are out, ask the staff behind the meat counter.
