Everything from Mushrooms to Goat Cheese to Soy VENDORS: Everything from Organic tomatoes, berries, wheatgrass, mushrooms, pastes and spreads, jams and jellies, cheese, tofu, soy noodles, fresh flowers, etc.ACCESSIBILITY: The market is right below the Morse Red Line Station and is one street levelPRICING: Pricing is reasonable, $2 for a wheatgrass plant, $7 for spiced tofu, $5 for a medium sized container of blueberries.
My neighborhood Farmers market Always good selections and great people bringing a wonderful selection of food; flowers and yummy options Now that I live around the corner, I enjoy making my weekly visit to the market.
I'm at the Farmers Market this morning in Rogers Park I innocently asked a vendor what kind of tomato were these bunch of brownish tomatoes?
Here you'll find a broad selection of produce, cheese, meet, baked goods...you name it!
You can find miscellaneous items from kale, strawberries, raspberries, whole wheat espresso brownies which I thought were excellent.
I find the vegetable stands very expensive and the tomatoes don't have that rich tomato smell so I am not too sure about them.
I true neighborhood farmer's market with a surprising variety of vendors (given its size) that should keep your fridge stocked for the week.
I would like to see some more variety or simply more quantity of vendors, although I realize that the alley/train viaduct space is limiting.
For example, the practically ubiquitous Bennison's Bakery and Mint Creek Farms will outfit you with breads or sweets and sheep or goat meat, respectively.
Glenwood Sunday Market is a fairly small farmer's market, but it has the necessities of any good farmers market: seasonal fruits and veggies, meat and dairy options, a bakery, and a few other options sprinkled throughout.
I'm not sure of individual vendors names (I only know where they set up their booths), but here's what I make sure to get almost every Sunday in the summer:EggsFrench Baguette (we'll either do bread, cheese and fruits for lunch or we'll eat it with pasta that night)Veggies (zucchini, kale, squash, green beans--all whenever they're available/in season)Fruit (blueberries in the early months, apples in the fall)Cider (when it is available)If we don't buy meat, we'll drop ~$20 for the week's haul.
No it's not the biggest, but there's a great variety of produce and meats.
We are actively seeking organic fruit growers, however people looking for fruit should keep in mind that it is still early in this region for fruit.
So far, there is less produce and more processed products (chocolates, jams, cheeses etc.).
Every vendor was friendly with tips on how to cook stuff (rainbow chard? saute with onions and garlic, turns out) and while the produce prices aren't a steal, it still beats the big grocery stores for organic, and it's great to find items like garlic scapes, red kale, and other varieties that don't show up everywhere.
Located on a side street, this market has lots of space and an excellent assortment of vendors.
There was not a tomato or onion in sight.
