There's a lot of nice options but it's really too expensive for me.
Great market with a convenient location.
Many weekends I can do most of my grocery shopping right here.Many vendors take credit cards and you can always swipe your card at the payment table for market tokens to make shopping easy and convenient.Dog and kid friendly too!
What some people may not know is that this market also supports much needed food access programs in the community.
Worth the wait The market is in the small street Glenwood next to the Morse train tracks.
The people are super friendly and they do take credit cards.
I also like the fresh pesto stand again same price, one container is $6 or two for $10, very garlicky so watch out, don't eat it before a date or job interview.
Dogs and kids galore, and strangely easy to find parking.
It's way, way too crowded for the amount of vendors.
On one hand, it's a lot of the vendors people are familiar with for a lot of the things you want.
So I am glad to have them in the neighborhood.
They make a pretty darn good lemon sandwich cookie, but some of their other stuff is a little too pedestrian for the price.
Or check out Crafthouse Market Goods for sausages: they have a decent bratwurst and an odd, fascinatingly overspiced "pirate wurst."There was an outfit sampling drop-dead amazing Italian apple-cider doughnuts.
Awesome market with friendly vendors, great organic products.
Bring cash.
The people were sitting there with wads of cash in their hands.
And they wouldn't sell us anything.Also, we're all about supporting our neighborhood, but the prices at the Glenwood market are $1-2 more than the Daley Plaza Farmers Market on Thursdays.
It's a great little market.
They did a chili cook-off during the winter market; I can wait to see what else they'll be doing.Also, there's a truffle stand with free samples.
As I arrived about 10 mins before the opening, a crowd had already gathered...people eagerly waiting with the reusable bags for the ribbon cutting ceremony (nice touch!).
I am sure as the weeks go by, the kinks will get smoothed out and the market will be top notch.This is the definition of neighborhood FM...it is small and quaint.
However, the people are friendly & the vendors are super excited to show you what they have.
Plus, this is a great neighborhood to check out and the market is just off the Redline at Morse...pretty sweet!
The other thing our vendors have told us they have not experienced before is the level of enthusiasm and community support.
Also, vendors have increased supplies and far less people are going away empty.
We are working hard to meet the demands of the community and raise awareness about what local food means.
Good, fun market.
Everyone is friendly, though, and the market is a fun place to be on a Sunday Morning.If you're looking for tons of great produce sold by farmers with dirt under their nails, go to Evanston.
Next week, I hope to branch out a little more.Some of the vendors offer samples, which is always fantastic.
I have also noticed that the foot traffic in the neighborhood is way up (I see LOTS of families walking by my window sunday morning) and I'm sure the local coffee shops and restaurants are reaping the rewards.I love this market!
Skip the other overly crowded markets in Evanston or the Green City Market as this has a lot of the same vendors, plus others that we have not seen anywhere else.
It is a great friendly environment that I am so happy to be a part of.
A great little market, and right around the corner from my apartment.
That said, some great baked goods, unbelievable cheeses, and some of the friendliest vendors, neighbors and local business owners anywhere.
I got there at about 10:30 am and there was a pretty good crowd, but there didn't seem to be much in the way of product.
Another plus is that it really seemed to have a friendly neighborhood kind of vibe unlike some of the farmers markets here in Philly.
Good luck --- Glenwood's off to a great start!!
A great start to what I hope is a very successful green market in Rogers Park.
I look forward to supporting this venture in Rogers Park!
It's close by, welcoming to all, very entertaining, and uses great conscious in vendors.
