Please let these animals go back to their natural habitat and keep bringing good clean fun to the area.
The fact that they have a giraffe to feed outshines all other pumpkin farms.They are cleaner than others and have more to offer as far as intriguing animals in the petting zoo, camel rides and a magic show, as well as the standard jumping fun, pig race and everything else you expect from a pumpkin farm.
The place is very clean, organized and the workers are friendly.
Very organized and clean with nice activities for younger kids.
Not to mention shelling out major dough to do it. ...postives are It is so close to home, it's fairly clean, you have so many options for everyone, and parking and entry are free.
Rather than wood chips, the playground is padded with rubber chips, which many parents find cleaner and more appealing.
Granted, they seem to be well fed and they're areas were clean but we just felt so bad.Goebberts seems to have so much land and if you're going to have a these animals, I suggest you open it up a little (a lot) and let these animals have the space they severely need.
We walked into the main store and it was clean and bright and everything was stocked.
It was clean, and stocked.
This farm is clean, reasonably priced and very entertaining.
I had to hand out tickets, explain how the tickets work, serve pizzas and drinks, clean up, go get the cake, light up so I can share at least this 2 minutes with my child, just to switch to quickly cut and serve the cake, and finally to clean up.
Port-a-potties are reasonably clean, though.
In my personal opinion, the areas that they are kept in are very well maintained and cleaned hourly, the pony and camel ride areas are cleaned after each session, and none of the animals looked neglected or showed any signs of stress or malnutrition.My son decided to visit the haunted house this year.
It's simply the most clean, beautiful and fun pumpkin patch that I have ever gone to and seen.
Several enclosures needed to be cleaned.
Staff was just standing around so you would think they would attempt to wipe down tables at some point or clean animal enclosures...
This year they added a mommy and me hut which provided a clean place to change my niece.
