Are you in the Chicagoland area and want to create a fun, memory filled tradition?
It's really not too far away but you'll feel like you're in Wisconsin (well, just a little bit).You'll see that it's a pretty huge place to wander around and it has plenty of parking - there's always a parade of cars entering and leaving.
Fyi, you have to pay an extra fee to go into the kids area now, this wasn't the case before.
There were things that were very nice about Goebberts but then there were things that bothered me too.
My kids really loved seeing a giaraffe so up close, however his quarters are very small, and you could only feed him if your willing to pay $4 for carrot slivers (yes not even a whole carrot).
Some of the attractions were cute like the pumpkin eating dragon.
Yes, its a little silly but the kids eat it up!
The pig race was also fun to watch.
There is no need to have these animals at a family farm on the midwest for display.
So save your money.The biggest drawbacks are the price ($15 just to get in, plus everything else a la carte?!) and the endless lines.
From waiting to get a parking spot, waiting for every single attraction or food stall, to waiting almost a half an hour to exit the parking lot!
The parking lot is sectioned off in a seriously poor way.
The pony ride, camel ride and feeding the giraffe was so much fun!
They had s Tom of photo opportunities and cute little cut outs.
The pig race was fun to watch!
Goebbert's is a nostalgic and family-friendly pumpkin farm that I've been to many times myself as a kid, on school field trips and with my family, and have now taken my own son and extended family to for the last few years.
The farm has grown considerably since I was little -- it now includes pony and camel rides, a corn maze, a haunted house and the store itself has expanded much larger than it used to be.
There's also a corn maze and lots of stuff for kids.
There's great areas to take some nice photos.
The only things that really drive me nuts is the cafe (over crowded and disorganized) and how crowded the farm can get.
I'm normally in and out of here relatively quick as I do not have children so most of the activities are of little interest to me.
I will say it is fun to walk around and see the different things around the farm and what has changed in the past year.As other reviews have stated, it is a little pricey, but not by a lot.
You've always been on the higher side, and parking has always been free so I appreciate it.
Bengtson offers free entry for military families.
People are crying about how it is so expensive.
This kids carnival has an average of a 3.0 star rating and that is too low for this place!
It's definitely an amusement park for toddlers.If prices were cheaper the carnival-farm would be too packed full of people.
Prices are high, but this is a supply-demand thing, perfect for the run-up to Halloween.We took our 3-year old through the haunted house.
The corn maze is fun for the kids.The place is expensive, but it must employ hundreds of people and probably sees thousands of visitors daily in the fall season.
She really enjoyed all the small animals.
The petting zoo gave us mixed feelings, plus it was very crowded.
Super fun family outing spot (pack a secret lunch - I say secret because I don't think outside food is allowed - food is pretty pricey and mediocre cafeteria food at best ).
Lots of fun activities, petting zoo, corn maze etc for the kids and only $12 (includes hayride) for kids over 3 and adults during the week with free parking, $15 on weekends!
For me, the price was not worth it.
The prices are a bit steep and obviously there are gargantuan lines comprised of little children.
They have plenty of animals to entertain kids.
Cute for 1st timer but you can tell now it's solely for money.
The yearly tradition to go with the family and the children.
Great place to go when hunting for fall items!
Decent prices Went there for a good time with family.
I made a comment at ticket booth about the price gouging and the lady at the booth said " don't bring you're family here".
Great answer for you're paying customers.
There are way better locations to take the family.
This is agood place to go in the fallif you have money.We brought our nephewand had a delightful timeexploring around.Some apple cider,baked apple cider doughnuts,and then more apples...Pumpkins, large and smallspread out on the lawn for youor in large boxes.There's a small corn mazenear the kid's play area,and a trampoline.Pay a bit extrato see the cool animalsinside the big tents.Oh!
As the season approaches, and all of the accurate reviews indicating how horrible these people are disappears into the abyss of time, i find it important to reiterate what the owners of this place stand for.
You can read many reviews of horrified families with children stomping on small animals in petting zoos.
Second time I visit from 2-3 years back and this time had a very...unfulfilled..experience..Not only was it crowded beyond belief..and almost everyone with their strollers which led to countless of close encounters with my heel..it was overwhelming to say the least...I am not a big fan of big..crowds but add a 85° sunny day and stampede of people with strollers and stopping mid walk..and not being able to go around them because of all the people is just not my cup of tea...However......as many have mentioned..the biggest negative were the inflated prices..which based by the crowds..many..(myself included.).are willing to pay to entertain our kids..and Goebberts realizes this..$15 per ticket to look at caged animals and 1-2 activities is exorbitant.I won't even address the poor housing conditions of the poor animals..Also..if you're going to charge that much..it'd be nice to have real restrooms instead of port potties of course if they did..they'd probably charge more to offset the cost.There should be someone "monitoring" the cafeteria seats..that are designated for the elderly and people with disabilities because I clearly saw folks disregard the sign...At first I was surprised it was "free" parking but after looking at the prices quickly realized its probably incorporated into the overpriced everything....Im with many of the other Yelpers...Not interested in returning.....hate feeling nickeled and dimed A big dissapointment especially for $20.
The gentleman @ the ticket booth was very friendly.
Perhaps I would have been more impressed with a smaller price tag.
So I've only been here once previously & thought it was a pretty cool place.
Actually, it shows that this is part of the general admission & everything that is additional, it shows those items & prices.
This place is quaint and adorable.
Well this place has certainly changed since I was a kid.
Fun attractions for the kids.
Price.
The food is tasty enough, the pumpkins are plentiful, the kids have fun-the corn box is beyond fun in particular.
But the price is plain stupid.
As others have said, the animals seem sad and shouldn't be in those small cages.
Had a great time with the kids.
Fair prices and worth it all together.
So for a family of 5 to go on two rides and get access to the cordoned off area your looking at $135!
The whole entire store staff in there is so amazing!
Our family had a great time at the farm during the pumpkin festival.
The only downfall is it's a little expensive for what they have and you have to pay extra for most things.
The cover fee of $15 feels a little steep.
Kids enjoy this place and my guess is that it is more fun for those less than 10.
The fast-food offerings are pretty good if you are feeling the effects of low blood sugar.
This is the place to find fresh, warm, apple cider donuts.
Overall, a very fun place to get some sun and fresh air while the kids run around and burn energy.
This place used to be nice.
That's a big part of the fun but now just not worth it.
Too bad.Also, I don't know how they treat the animals but some were way too big to be kept in such a small enclosure in heat.
Been here a bunch of times over the years....we used to go before kids and had fun and now with kids and have even more fun.
There's something for the entire family.
Parking is also free.
Even if you're on a tight budget, this is a great photo opportunity and the parking is free.
This place brings back so many memories as a kid excited for the autumn festivities.
While there is so much to do here with the family, the issue I have with it, is that it has lost that small cozy charm.
Everything is mass produced with a pho-country feel, and highly over priced.
Cars, minivans, suvs all crammed in with young families pushing the stroller with one hand and snapping a photo Edith the other.
I'll also deal with some annoyances (like long lines and crowds) as long as my daughter is having fun.
You can also get any unused ride tickets refunded if you don't use them.I've been to a few farms and orchards, and this one has the most activities and play areas for kids as well as some great photo ops.
If you're looking for a family oriented place to celebrate all things fall, look no further than Goebbert's Farm!
While admission to the outskirts of the farm is free, additional fees apply for rides, animal encounters, the jumping pad and Animal Land.
Very fun!
Staff was very helpful and had a great attitude!
I did think the pricing structure should be based on kids entering not adults for Animal Land, but at least there are some exotic animals to see.
Lots of little African farm animals - the Pygmy goats were the cutest and friendliest.
Many of the attractions were very family friendly and it was definitely crowded.
I typically like seeing the farm animals at spots like this but was shocked to see a sad looking giraffe near the animal attraction entrance standing as far away from the crowds as it could.
I will just go at it with a list of pros and cons, since there's much to cover.Pros:- The best port-o-potties around- Sweet hand washing stations- A designated area for baby care (diaper station and a private place for feeding, if you're so inclined - I am not)- Apple cider donuts- How cool are those giraffes?!Cons:- Sadly depressing animal enclosures- Major crowds on weekends- Inferior pig races (check out Richardson's corn maze in Spring Grove, IL!)- Lousy hot dogs - A generally lousy setup and logistical flow, in my opinion*- A haunted house with scary music that traumatizes young children, unfortunately built by the ticket booth and, thus, unavoidable- Charging extra $ for so many activities, especially the jumping pillow, which is included with admission at other places that have itI'm not sure where to place "pumpkin eating dinosaur."
They were pretty cute and pretty hungry the way they tried to eat every piece of carrot that the visitors were sticking in their faces.
To leave the giraffe feeding area, you have the option of taking the slide (FUN!) or the stairs (boring).There were 2 tents set up where the animals are housed.
We bought caramel apples at a premium price, got them home, and the caramel literally just peeled off on the paper it was wrapped in.
Ladies and gentlemen, ready your wallets for some fine fall fun at Goebbert's.
There is SO much to do here so prepare to spend a pretty penny and pack your patient pants because this place gets crazy crowded as soon as it opens and borders on insane around lunch time.Some notes & highlights:-Pumpkins/Gourds: Nice variety of colors and sizes for everyone.
How are they properly cared for, especially in such small spaces?
This pumpkin patch has so many fun things going for it that there's really no need to have exotic animals present.
The place CAN be pretty cool.
What is not cool about this place is having zebras, giraffes, tigers and other exotic animals, especially during brutal weather and to have these animals in such small enclosures is just cruel.
I visited the animals as part as the fee to the maze and the REAL fun stuff, but after seeing this poor animals like that it broke my heart and to top it off seeing a bunch of wild kids taunting these animals was just unbearable.
Everything else is pretty nice and fun for the whole fam.
If people don't leave their dogs in cages 24/7 why is it acceptable for this buffoons to treat wild animals like this?
This is such a great place to spend an afternoon in the fall whether you're an adult or a kid!
There are a lot of great and fun things about Goebbert's; however, they are overshadowed by the concern I have for the animals there.
Although I find the Animal Land exhibits troubling because of the small cages the animals are in, the condition in which some of them look, and the lack of food monitoring, I found the parakeet exhibit extremely disturbing.
At the South Barrington location, a young boy was attempting to supervise, unsuccessfully, as children ran after and grabbed the birds.
At the Hampshire location, there is no place for the birds to escape.
They are all over the place, being stepped on and being grabbed and squeezed by young children.
I found myself supervising children (parents nowhere to be found?) and telling adults and older children to watch their step.
I watched as the baby giraffe stood with it's head over the fence looking off into the distance while kids threw carrots at him.
I've been to other places where llamas come running up to you friendly and happy alongside goats and sheep, but not at this place.
That's a big sign of a problem going on here.
I will never go back here nor will I recommend anyone go here when looking for a family-friendly pumpkin patch.
I recall going to this place when I was a child and had some wonderful memories of little haunted train rides and a host of other attractions that don't seem to be here anymore.
It seems like everything has been taken over by their exotic zoo where very large animals, such as tigers, are kept in small confines.
Very miserable looking and not all that fun to look at.
I think the reviews are pretty split, people who have been here before who used to be able to do all the stuff for free and then people who haven't been.
This place , while nice and friendly is******** expensive..Holy crap.$14 for the play area, PER KID AND $14 per ADULT??? wagon ride, corn maze and a bunch of other mickey mouse stuff? for $14????
It's overpriced, unorganized, dirty, and quite frankly inhumane in their treatment of animals.
And tons of annoying little kids shoving food in their mouths, tugging at them, isn't very comforting for any animal.
So, 15$ to get in, not to big a deal, but why not include some stuff?
The staff was super nice, and i think they really care, but for $150 dollars to leave with no pumpkins and kids crying because I wouldn't pay $6 more for 6 minutes on the jumping pillow and after paying the gate fee.
Rant over, the staff and all the people in the park were great very friendly and helpful, overall my kids had a great time, I just hated to have to tell them all the time "No I'm sorry, mommy can't afford that" and also BTW we didn't buy any pumpkins bc I spent more that I should for all the extras.
So overall, very friendly an helpful staff, but I still left with the sense that I had been ripped off.
So, I purchased them on my phone and it only showed me the Mon-Friday prices which I bought 4 of.
Over-Priced, and Over-Crowded Rip Off.
Leaving took 45 minutes to leave the parking lot.
If they are going to be open to so many people, they need to plan for the crowds.
Very fun farm to take kids!
We went on a Tuesday and it was perfect, not too crowded so we were able to take advantage of all the fun activities Goebbert's has to offer!
After you see all the animals, you can go into the big grassy field area where there are loads of fun photo ops, a fun playground area, different adventures like the corn maze, corn filled bins for sensory activities, tunnels to crawl through, and even a tractor pulled wagon ride!
Only downside is everything seems a bit over priced, but I'm sure it's to pay for all these fun things!Definitely a great fall adventure to take kids!
It really is a fun place for families.
Even if you must drive an hour, it's worth it, with lots of cut outs to catch pics of your kids doing cute things you'll want to annoy your friends and coworkers with later.
When I went to meet my husband with our cousins so he could take a break from watching our son play the staff informed us we could not switch out any adults and would have to pay an additional $15 each to enter...in the rain....to the totally empty back area.
If everything was open and the weather were better I wouldn't mind $15 or the strict entry policy but in the pouring rain on a totally empty day they completely missed the mark on being able to call themselves family friendly at all.
You have lost lifelong customers, Goebbert's.
We loved it kids had fun, enjoyed the animals lots to see in one day!
Good price to see all that they have family enjoyed it my son love the giraffes great place to see.
My kids enjoy the pumpkin fest however it's very expensive and the cost adds up quickly.
In addition to paying an admission fee to get into the animal land and the play area you still have to pay for the attractions such as the haunted house, the jumping pillow etc.
However, when I walk into a tent full of exotic animals in small cages and there don't seem to be any signs talking about their care or where they came from I get a little uneasy.The only sign I saw was for Animal Entertainments Inc. and a quick google didn't ease my concerns at all.
One of the great things about this place is that it's FREE!
It was a perfect day to go, the weather was amazing and it was just the right amount of people, not overly crowded.
The grill brat was simple, placed a hot dog bun, but the flavor was different from the ones I normally had and I enjoyed it.
Definitely a cute place to take the kids too!
Very rude staff.
I was instantly uncomfortable and wondered what kind of place allows people who speak like that to children to work there.
Even if you're just an extra parent or grandparent, aunt, uncle, whatever, that wants to stand on the sidelines to watch your child play.
When asked about the pricing at the booth, to be sure I understood the pricing correctly, the employee compared the farm to Brookfield Zoo, where we have to pay for all attractions.
And then he read us the sign about pricing like we were idiots.
When it's not crazy packed it's decent but crazy over priced and almost always packed.
Feeding the giraffes - while kind of neat to do - was also a little disheartening when you saw the small pen these big creatures had to reside in all day.
Not only was the size appalling (I counted 5 alpacas herded together in one pen smaller than the size of my bedroom), but there were ostriches maniacally pacing back and forth over and over again, animals that were simply alone in their pen, just standing still out of pure depression, and kangaroos just lying there in a daze.
And I'm vowing to never return to this business that supports this kind of animal abuse.
They have an entire tent filled with exotic animals, including tiger and bear cubs, that are cruelly displayed in small cages.
I encourage you to support other family farms until the Goebbert family rethinks their approach.
The cages are small and the onslaught of visitors, screaming children and grains being shoved in their faces to eat couldn't possibly be anything but terrifying.
Can't believe how many people give this place four or five stars.
People were throwing carrots and food at them like they weren't living things at all.
They can get rid of the exotic animals and it would be a great pumpkin patch but it's just sad seeing 2 tigers in a cage the size of my kitchen.
When I was little, my family always came here to pick pumpkins.
They had a cheesy little haunted house that was perfect for little ones and tons of bizarre holiday decor, plus a small petting zoo with the usual farm animals.
Customers are literally corralled through the property.
It's so packed that you really ought not let go of your child's hand if they're little, lest big kids knock them over.
Staff members appeared frenzied amidst the huge crowds and long lines.
They, like many of the customers, seemed as if they couldn't wait to get out of there.
Save yourself the trip, there are other MUCH less-expensive places to get pumpkins, have a snack and let the kids play.
You can find pumpkins, donuts and family activities other places for less money.
Do we really want our children to learn that we capture babies, take them away from their mothers and put them captive in small unnatural enclosures for our own entertainment?
I headed there yesterday morning to grab some on our way to Great America.
And a cold cider doughnut, in my opinion, loses a lot of texture, flavor and the experience.
The corn box is a lot of fun too--but beware that it gets crowded, and some of the children are poorly supervised.
I noticed some of the bigger kids pushing the littler kids to get up the slide and throwing corn.
But overall it was really fun--again I'd suggest going early to avoid the crowd.As for the price--$10 per person is perfectly reasonable for several hours of good family fun.
Still, totally fun and worth it.
It's fun to bet amongst your group to see who might win.
Usually people crowd around like crazy for the first race, but then dissipate afterwards so you can usually get a good spot for the later races.
It's amazing watching the monkey put his butt against the cage and curl his tail thru and grab the carrot and bring it to his hand.
It was super crowded this past Sunday, but yet we were able to get through most stuff just fine.
I don't visit a pumpkin patch to see a bear in a 3x3 foot cage, or two giraffes crammed into a barn hardly big enough to park one car. hopefully this place will wise up and show some compassion in the future.
A lot of activities, spacious but still very accessible so that kids dont have to walk too much.
Corn is to die for. $30 for 2 adults and a kid into the Little Farmer's Land and the Animal House.
Yeah, what I thought and walked away.Tips, we came at 9 a.m. right when it opened and left around 10:30 a.m., totally scoring upfront parking and missing the crowds.
And when brought to management all they said was " whoops sorry" they don't even ring you up for the right things at the clerk!
This place is really cute for bringing kids and letting them interact with all kinds of animals.
The petting zoo is cute as are the pony rides and everything else.
Overall, this place is crazy cute for kids and I can't wait to have kids of my own to bring here too.
It's also big enough that even with tons of people here, you don't feel crowded.I knocked it down from 5 to 4 stars due to the price.
It's kind of expensive when you add it all up and they charge extra for almost everything, like carrots to feed the giraffes.
Lots of fun things for kids during the fall.
Great place for kids.
First of all, exotic animals do not belong in the state of Illinois, especially in enclosures as small as the ones they provide.
Making a quick buck is more important to these folks than animal welfare (as is evident in their outrageous prices).
They have packed a lot into too small a space.
The line made it look like people were waiting for Goliath at Great America.
With that said I was impressed with how large the place was and all the little attractions they had, including their cafe and store with all sorts of goodies.
This place is big and there is plenty to do if you choose to.
If they gave the animals more space but had less animals then people would be complaining that the price of admission does not justify the quantity of animals.
It didn't cost us $150, etc like other people are complaining about, our kid had fun, and we had a great time.
This place gets crowded on the weekends for a reason.
Way too much money = taking the fun out of it.
Can't get over the fact they had tentfuls of exotic animals like giraffes, newborn baby tiger cubs, older tiger cubs, leopards, baby kangaroos and tons of other creatures from far off places like asia, africa and australia that were in tiny pens with christmas trees as their only environment with nowhere to hide from the huge crowds of people overfeeding them with no monitoring of anyone working there.
The animals don't seem like they are mistreated by the people who care for them, but the fact it seems like a free-for-all really bothers me.
I am not joking here people, but I waited 90 minutes in my car to park!
This is absolutely ridiculous and Goebberts should be ashamed!Once we FINALLY parked (a mile away) the place is absolutely a zoo of kids!
So, you now charge 10 bucks per person to select my pumpkin and have my kid play in the playground.
Family of 5, no pumpkin = 50 bucks.
Last year, I was searching for a simple pumpkin to bring my wife and son to go on a hunt for the biggest and roundest pumpkins for carving.
What a great place to come in the fall!
What else could you ask for?My friends and I took the trek out from the city to engage in some fall fun and boy was it worth it!
First up was feeding some very friendly giraffes followed by an infinite number of animals to see and pet.
We took a final look around, enjoyed the free parking and restrooms, then bid a final farewell.I give it two stars because the service is always consistently good, the employees are always cheerful and helpful.
I have been taking pictures of my daughter among the pumpkins, and allow her to buy the biggest one she can lift.
Crowded, crowded, crowded.
If you don't do well with crowds, or are looking for a nice, quiet, pastoral experience, don't come here.
It's just a complete free-for-all, with kids climbing all over everything, and clearly defeated parents half-heartedly correcting their kids, if at all. *TIP*: bring hand sanitizer.They have a good amount of things to see/do, however.
But demand dictates price point, and people keep on buying, so...Also, if you are here on weekends to see the pig races, find yourself a good observation spot about :15 before the start of them if you actually want to see it.All in all, it's okay.
While this place is fun for something different to do on the weekends, it seems to have gotten really expensive.
And I will admit that seeing the animals makes me a little sad, to have hordes of people and screaming children in their faces every weekend.
So...high marks for the pumpkins/Halloween stuff and food, but I gotta take serious points away because of those poor animals and the prices of "activities."
Pay the small charge for the cone of feed and have the kids feed the animals.
Is the food great?
Pumpkins are very cheap and come in many different sizes, colors, and shapes.
Pumpkin carving becomes a cheap, fun way to spend a couple hours with those you love.Could it be better?
There are many different activities for children so this is definitely a family destination.
If you have kids and you haven't been here, make a trip out here during harvest and make some great memories.
Why in the world would they have exotic animals in such small exhibits?!
This would be such a nice place without all the depressing animals.
1) When I got there, I kept on being re-directed from place to place to put my cake into the fridge.
These animals are kept in small spaces with no place to get away from the noise and crowds.
The hayride is basically a smelly tractor and the view is of rich people mcmansions.There are all kinds of great animals to see but they are kept in deplorable conditions.
Small pens with no escape from the noise and commotion of the crowds.
How can that be good for them?Activities are expensive and add up quickly.
Not fun with kids.
They feel it perfectly normal to have exotic animals and wild animals that have no business being penned up in tiny cages while idiot people and the kids throw food at them.
You are not a zoo and you have no business whatsoever exploiting these poor animals like this.
This people running this place are extremely cheap and believe in skimming people for everything.
I don't think they represent American values and I think people pay their ridiculous prices because they don't know anything better in the area.
Prices here represent Europe more than US Took my family on a week day and boy oh boy was it a treat!!!
We pretty much had the whole place to ourselves, which was neat because usually when we go it's packed.
No animals or corn or food yet, but still cool to wander around the place.
There was a line of cars on Higgins Rd. just to get into the parking lot, and once on foot we felt like cattle being herded to our ultimate demise.
There were so many people you could hardly walk, and the prices are insane.
We grabbed our $15 pumpkins and got the heck out of there; but not before we waited another 10 minutes to get out of the parking lot.If you're alright with the huge crowds and long lines go for it.
This is a favorite place on our fall itinerary, and a great spot to pick pumpkins.No general admission fee and fun activities, especially for kids.
Those chocolate-covered pecan creations are sinful!Goebbert's sits on a lot of acreage, so kids have plenty of space to run and play around (there are a few wooden play structures they can climb on, like a train and a fire engine).
Young 'uns get tired, so bring a stroller.
Goebberts should be ashamed of themselves to exploit a family activity by charging ridiculous prices...10 dollars PER person to walk in a field that was mostly empty except for a few cardboard cut outs. 16 dollar a dozen for cider donuts..12.99 for pumpkins...3.00 for roasted corn...shameful.
Over Crowed Over Priced DUMP!!!
The physical area that you can stay in without paying is pretty small, and it was also VERY crowded.
I bet it's a lot of fun for those purposes.
I understand it was a busy day...but you should NEVER run out of donuts!!After we found out there were no donuts, we left - I hope to come back and experience more of the activities Lots of fun activities and very family oriented.
There were plenty of things for kids to do, from pony and camel rides to a kid-friendly haunted house.
They also had an upstairs shop with very cute Halloween decorations.
The staff were friendly and professional.
What used to be a fun family experience has now become a money pit for families.
Everything fun is behind fences that you have to pay admission to enjoy and it is per person so if you came with family ,grandparents etc expect to pay alot.
While there we heard the police closed the entrance for a while because parking was full - full of people who WANTED to be there.
To us, that's a very positive sign because if it was so horrible people wouldn't go right?
Again, call us ridiculous for being understanding but we don't see how the crowds were an issue of fault with the place.Lines for everything were CRAZY, but if we went to Six Flags or any other larger attraction this weekend I'm sure the lines would have been the same if not much worse.
They've now enclosed the grassy area with wooden cutouts and made it part of the $10 fee for the animal area.
They have many pumpkins and also in the non-fee areas (they had some of the biggest pumpkins we've ever seen).I could continue on but there's too many things there to review...In conclusion, we will say it's definitely a much better experience when it isn't so crowded (perhaps during the week) but a great place to bring the family!5 stars for the experience, fun, attractions, food and staff (with how many people were there, we were really impressed with how cheerful they despite the crowds).1 star for the inconveniences of so many people (lines, parking..etc), but we've been there before and we're not going to fault such a wonderful place for handling that many people as well as it seemed they could.
Very fun for the kiddos, they have an animal farm, pig race, corn maze, and a wagon ride!
My kids could have spent and hour watching it, the smiles on there faces made the drive from the city worthwhile.
From the reviews, I gather most people think the animals are just great.
And they have three tents full of animals in small cages, many exotics, with no place for them to retreat from public view.
Two bears pacing frantically in a circle in their small metal enclosure.
It was just the horrible "petting zoo" with no sense of habitat, no sense of the animal's needs for a break from shrieking crowds, for space.
Been going there for years with my children was a fun place to go to it free admission the kids go to the play park and play we pay extra to see the animals in the haunted house which is no problem not a charge a general admission fee Jess to come in if you want to go to the play park which was free they came to the rich and itself Barrington area I forget the people who came from miles around and barn tour they are I guess you forgot about that since they are the only pumpkin farm in that area but there are others if you google it there are nice sorry to see a place turned out way Went there today with my parents and we all had a great time.
We went right when it opened & there was plenty of parking and it wasn't as crowded.
Its awesome seeing so many different animals in one place.
FREE, if you're under the age of one so be sure to bring plenty of cash.
I would rather just take the kids to the zoo...All in all for what this place is--it's pretty fun for the kids--just don't get sucked into the randomness.
Lots of fun stuff; from a nice little cafe to tons of activities for all ages.
After all that, we always like to take a photo of the kids standing in the field surrounded by all of the pumpkins.
The animal tents were horrible -- bears, baby tigers, monkeys, hyenas and many other exotic animals were kept in small, unsuitable cages.
Really disappointed, and things are also too expensive at the farm.
They have events constantly on a frequent basis to keep all the families/kiddos entertained.
The only complaint is the price - $12 per person to enter.
NOT A REAL PUMPKIN PATCH. found out all the pumpkins were shipped in from new mexico!!! what a joke. it's like a freaking animal farm/carnival for fall... and a lame one at that! everything costs money. maybe 1% of the whole lot is actually pumpkins. they serve food that you'd basically get at a baseball game - nachos from the big vending machine, packaged apple cider and hot cocoa (from powder packages - watery and weak!) and they have a measly little "bakery" with some lame baked goods that look unimpressive at best. the little "farm" store is grossly overpriced (just buy the same stuff for less at the grocery store!), and NOTHING is really grown/farmed there!!! really crowded. hardly room to let the kids run and play - unless you want to drop cash for them to ride the ponies, look at all the "exotic" animals (that you can see for free at the lincoln park zoo in chicago), run on a big inflatable thing, or whatever... we hung out for like 5 minutes, drank some lame-o cider and hot cocoa, and then took the kids to a huge open field at a forest preserve about a mile away where they could actually run around and enjoy the BEAUTIFUL day, and had 10X more fun! plus, the forest preserve was WAY less crowded!on a positive note, we enjoyed the little miniature pumpkins that the kids picked out from a big trough and painted later. not a fan. sorry, won't be back next year.
Good stuff, cheap enough prices.
Parking in their grassy field is free.The place was pretty empty on a Wednesday morning.
Sorry folks, but I can't support this kind of mistreatment of animals. having a pettign zoo with pigs, cows and goats is one thing, but to take tropical animals and put them in freezing weather, I cant' support that.
They belong either in the wild or a zoo, not in a small unheated pen managed by some carnies.
What a great place.
They are reasonably priced but beware, you may want to buy the whole place because it's all adorable.
They also have a cafe where you can get a slice of pizza, hot dog, or pulled pork sandwich (which is wonderful).
Everything has gone way up in price.
I actually put mine back last minute and went and got a big pumpkin at Kmart for $4.99 Goebbert's has become an overpriced trap.
So I am thinking, ok they're gonna provide normal bathrooms for the kids right?
The only redeeming thing they had was at least they had outdoor wash stations that had soap and water....The place didn't really feel like a real farm, seemed very manufactured.
She is 9 now. $10 to go into the area to even WATCH your kids!
So, $40 for a family of four to go into play area.
Worse part....I heard a senior employee joke/mocking with another senior employee making fun of his customers who are saying they are not coming back due to the new "ripping off" policy.
Nice customer service.
I ran out of the tent as fast as I could and the entire rest of my visit there was ruined and I refused to spend another penny in the place regardless of what my kids were asking for because of how angry seeing those poor animals made me feel.I looked into the company these use to "rent" these beautiful animals and found out it was Timbavati Wildlife Park based out of Wisconsin Dells. 911animalabuse.com/tag/b...Apparently owner, Mark Schoebel (owner) has been an exotic animal "broker" for decades and He has also provided animals for canned hunts.
It was nice that it wasn't too crowded but he really wanted to ride the tractor, which doesn't start until 2pm.Like another reviewer mentioned, this place has gotten expensive.
And they have people selling the animal feed by the animals too so if your kid sees other kids doing it, be prepared....So basically, if your child wants to do ANYTHING you have to pay because everything beyond the pumpkins is now fenced off.
And I too felt very sorry for the animals that were caged in, especially the larger animals like the yaks.
And especially the cute ponies.
I probably won't be bringing my kids here again! (And no, I do not take my kids to the circus either!)I understand this place is a "business" and they have to make money, yada, yada, yada, but this year I just had the feeling that this place was all BUSINESS and ZERO fun like it used to be in the past.
All sorts of cool things to look at.
They were pretty reasonable in price.
A small one -great for kids -starts at about $5.
They are good for really little kids but really aren't that great for kids over 5 yrs old.
The Haunted House is really meant for smaller children and the corn maze was not even challenging.
3) THE PRICES.
OK, so I understand this place has to make money for all those cool animals.
So a family of four to see the animals is already $28 in the hole, not counting pumpkins or anything else.
I guess that is easier said than done when cute little kids are asking you for stuff...but if you cave in, bring like $300 because it's gonna get really, really expensive! change.org/p/goebbert-s-...
Not a real farm and the animals are confined in small spaces.
If I had a family of 4.1 (the .1 is the dog) I would most likely bring them to Goebbert's.
Kidding aside, there was a tremendous amount of food (buttered corn, hot dogs, pizza, etc.) to purchase, and it was, again, autumnal, tasty, and full of fat.
The price is too expensive and after paying $50, $10 a person yes even parents, so my kids could climb on cardboard cut outs that were always free, there was also extra charges for things like pony rides and some jumping thing, we had to leave with no pumpkin.
The pumpkins are grossly over priced.
I went to DIdier Farms in Lincolnshire and got a great big one for much less.
Thanks Goebberts for ruining our family tradition!
I should preface the following by mentioning that I am 24 and took my girlfriend here for her birthday.The farm is not too far from Chicago which was convenient, however when we arrived the local police were out directing the half mile line of cars waiting to get into the parking lot.
Unfortunately the parking and the admission costs were about the only things that were free.
Everything else had very lengthy lines and were priced a bit high for my taste.There was something else about the whole experience that feels really disconnected.
It felt very commercialized and was far too busy and priced far too high for a pumpkin patch that anyone other than children and their families would enjoy much.
I was pretty shocked when I saw bad reviews for this place, because I actually like Goebbert's Farm.
Those things just gave the place a sterile, not so 'local farmer' vibe... but I guess people purchase them or they wouldn't be stocking them.
The people weren't especially helpful or friendly so I didn't even bother to ask.
Whats the big deal?
This rather meek woman reached to pick up a flower basket at which point the employee ( a 5ft dumpy middle aged woman with short blonde hair ) called her a thief !
She was clearly embarrassed by the employee's uncalled for and rude behavior , yet this rude woman insulted her more than once.
All in all, it was a productive visit with friendly staff and decent prices.
I had a great time there with my family and friends.
It wasn't overly crowded and there were plenty of sites and things to do to keep everyone busy.
P.S. while they do accept credit card, some booths (like the corn) is cash only.
It'd be a great place to take kids.
I felt like a kid again.
It's a great place for a date too!
Fair warning about pumpkin prices but the gigantic ones seem worth it if you have the front porch space for it.
Still marveled at the place's efficiency with groups of young public school kids.
So for us, it was all good. nice place - country feelbut I bought 300 in flowers and plants and they were not all what the ladies there told me they would be.
But overall it's a nice place for the family and for pumpkin picking.
I've been going to this place since I was a child and have absolutely wonderful memories of their mountians of beautiful pumpkins.
(He spit!)The staff working here was outstanding and the animals were well cared for, beautifully groomed and relatively docile.
Once in a while they would walk away from the crowds, but by being so good at walking along the whole row of people, I got the feeling they enjoyed the attention and were somewhat trained to give everyone a chance to feed them.
Boy that was hokey and fun.
On a weekend day, this place is a crowded mess.
When I look around and see families with newborn babies, I'm like, "really?"
The kids are way too young to enjoy the farm, why are you even here?!
By the time I left at noon, the place was so crowded, the South Barrington police arrived to direct traffic in and out of the farm.
Beautiful place, and always smiling faces there to greet you!
Also the employee raking at the gravel and raising dust where children were walking and people were eating, not okay.
The haunted house, according to the kids was "boring". The animals on display was weird and borderline cruel (my opinion) and has no place in a "farm" environment.
Camels appears to enjoy large crowd, loud noises and being ridden constantly.
So, bring lots of cash because like all penitentiaries, feeding and housing the inmates is a costly undertaking.
We just visited Goebberts Farm this past Saturday.We has hoped that the crowds would have died down in the late afternoon, but we were sadly mistaken..the place was super packed!I would highly recommend avoiding the crowds and visiting during the weekday.
Seriously, they have the most glorious hanging baskets I've seen anywhere for great prices.
We haven't had this much wholesome fun in a while.
We just finished drawing faces on a bunch of mini pumpkin to display around the house!!This really is a great place to spend a day with your family!
I truly hope you have as much fun as I did!!
They also have a little craftsy area that was a bit overpriced so I wasn't able to buy anything there.
And then a little market with local jellies, baked goods, apples and a bunch of other fun little things.
We will definitely go back, especially when we have kids, it is definitely a family fun kind of day.
AND, super awesome deal bonus, the edible squashes were a buck apiece.
Not only that, but it is a fun place to walk around.
We used to take the kids here when they were younger.
Very cute place to spend a Fall afternoon.
Went with my family to take the niece and nephew out for a day on the farm and to frolic amidst the pumpkin patches.Definitely a little of everything.
They also have a small restaurant and a sizable store with various goodies.There is no general admission fee, but to ride the ponies and camel, you do need to purchase a ticket (approx. $4-6); you also need to purchase a ticket to see the animal farm, which also has the pig races ($6).A great little breather from the city and I'm almost certain that everyone will find a little bit of something to amuse them.
Also try their apple cider donuts...mmmmdonuts.There's a great area for seasonal crafts, you can ride camels and go through animal land.
There's a great spot in the middle of the farm area where you can take some great holiday pictures with pumpkins and a great tree backdrop.
Yum!Obviously, it's a great place for kids, but adults have fun there, too.
The price for students is reasonable.
The staff is very helpful and the field trips have been very organized.
Honestly, the money is not worth it, and the crowds will drive you insane.
Some people love this kind of Disney-like chaos, but I am taking my money and my family elsewhere.
They have so much to do for the family and kids and everyone can enjoy it.
This year I took my younger brother and we had so much fun together.
We had fun looking at the animals and racing each other through the cornmaze, which luckily for me is big but not giant because he beat me and I would have been lost forever.
It weighed 50 lbs and I felt the price was very reasonable for the size. over all it was a fun day together and I didn't mind paying a little money.
My family has two great rose bushes that we bought there and they are always the prettiest roses on the block.
They have changed some things around and prices have significantly gone up this year!
We went this morning and good thing we have credit cards and brought along some cash.
So, your child may be a bit disappointed if the emu or something else chooses another kid.
Then there were people directing traffic inside the parking lot.
It's a great place to bring your kids and they will have a blast.
There were a larger number of pumpkins, gourds, and other things for sale but all of them were dented, rotten, or damaged in some other way.
The animals enclosures were much smaller than I remembered.
Great value for a fun fall tradition.
It all looked great and started off well but things quickly changed once inside the zoo part.
First up were these giraffes in a small ( for their size) pen.
After that it just got worse with all these exotic animals and some bears that just have no business being locked up in these small pens.
Kids with parents letting the run wild banging on exotic bird cages.
I was very dissapointed how they changed the set up this year, they charged an entry to get into the play area and where they lay out the pumpkins for the kids to choose from.
But it was still a lot of fun.
They sell food to feed the animals which is great for the kids.
Bring a camera because all the animals were soo cute.
A good place to bring kids, We went here on 09/25/10.
Its like a big rubber bouncy thing that stretches the area of about a swimming pool--it slopes up along the sides but the top is pretty much flat.
Theres also some cool giant wooden objects that a very skilled carpenter(s) have assembled --such as a giant rocking chair and a fire truck.The only reason i cant give it a higher rating is because some of the kids on the staff dont care about their jobs.
This kid working the platform at the camel ride was smoking everyone out with his newports-- mind you its all kids there.
If you go be sure to bring a jacket and probably a hat, it gets pretty cold and windy out there cuz it seems to be a little elevated.
I grew up going to Goebbert's before it became a huge sprawling family fun park, and this isn't sour grapes, but when the bf and I went to pick our pumpkins out there we were a little shocked at the price - $16 for a large one... ouch. $5 for Indian corn, $12 for two people to go through the petting zoo... pricey.
When I was a kid this was our spot to get our pumpkins for Halloween.
As an adult I still find this the perfect little place to get you into Halloween mode.
Lots of food, fun, people, animals, etc.
Lot of fun for small kids.
I cannot imagine how crowded it would be without the $10 admission fee.
It was crowded with the fee, but we were able do everything we wanted to with twins and a double stroller (hard to navigate when in crowds) so it wasn't THAT BAD.
When we wanted to take pictures of the kids in the big rocking chair or the big pumpkin, we only had to wait until one or two families finished up.
The animal tents were pretty crowded but we were able to see everything we wanted to.
They had so much fun they'll probably be mad at us for a while since every day isn't like that.
My boyfriend took me here because it was a place he went to as a kid.
There was a little black bear that I did feel bad for because he looked so hot!Ok, the corn maze.
It doesn't look that big but we got lost and literally had to jump a fence to get out.
Among all the other fun things, they also have a maze, a petting zoo, and pig races.
Their Halloween Festival (Fall Festival) is amazing and beautiful, but extremely expensive.
It's a great place to bring your children for a fun day filled with fall festivities.
This is the kind of place that can easily become a fall tradition in your family.
Parking is FREE and getting in to pick out a pumpkin and browse is FREE.
It feels good to support a locally owned family business.
The area used to be sleepy suburbs and corn fields but has blossomed into a busy area.
If you go on a nice weekend morning or afternoon in the fall there will be a crowd but it's only because it's such a fun family tradition and conveniently located.
There are areas with additional play zones and animals that you can access for a fee.
Visit the Goebbert's web site for pricing information on that.
There is also an alternate location a few suburbs west of this one which isn't usually as crowded if you prefer.
You can find cheaper plants, vegetables, and pumpkins at WalMart but this is a special treat to create a special memory and support a family business.
To make matters worse, practically no one chose to pay the obviously not well thought out entrance fee causing the small "free" area to be extremely overcrowded.
This is no longer about family enjoyment this is about thousands of people getting ripped off just to show their kids a good time.
