It's hard to believe that Goebbert's was even bigger before they sold their land to give way to the huge mansions that are at the edge of their property.Once inside, there are a ton of foodie favorites for me - the cider donuts (glazed or sugared), the cider and my all time Fall craving - thee freshly grilled corn with butter.
There's an abundance of pies (no sweet potato though), jellies and jams.Check out the map (it's a huge place), pick out a pumpkin or two, visit the haunted house, ride a camel or go for a hay ride - there's a lot to do.
The apple cider donuts are so delicious and paired with a Carmel apple cider with whipped cream, a fall must do!
You can now buy all kinds of fresh fruit, apple cider and apple donuts, sweet corn, jellies and preserves, popcorn and an assortment of pies and other baked goods, in addition to any variety of pumpkin large and small, gourds and flint corn.
I normally buy a large assortment of pumpkins from Goebberts, and they pretty much last forever! .. or until some animal eats them.
You made it so children can't do ANYTHING but browse your general store and pumpkin selection unless their parents pay a ton of money.
Great selection on decorations (fairly priced) and snacks and goodies.
So it turns out we basically drove a half hour to get some apple cider donuts (which were decent) and cookies as well as other baked goods.
Anyway the bakery was pretty much all I experienced and we also bought candy apples and a mini pumpkin.
Love the apple cider donuts, different produce and all the different animals we get to see and feed.
Hands-down the best pumpkin patch compared to others.
Pumpkins, gourds, multi-colored corn, corn husks, hay bales, baked goodies, and so much more!
There is a lot of variety of things to do here and everyone is friendly.
The things do add up quickly, but as another yelper pointed out, this is a once a year thing and the smile on my 2 yos face made it well worth it!!We are going to be making this a yearly experience :) I'm a goebbert's gunky..It's one of my "stops" every season..and it's the ONLY place I buy my pumpkins from....no where else...I must reiterate - I REALLY love the pumpkins here...they offer such a colorful and unique assortment & size year after year...and I always choose my pumpkins carefully - it may sound like a petty thing, but when it comes to pumpkins,sometimes good ole' orange is just not enough...white, green, multi colored, redish...and this year they surprised me with an offspring of Mr. Pumpkin & Ms. Gourd...(see pic).I've endearingly named my pumpkin "Gourdkins"....it may look creepy and bumpy to you,but I happen to think it has a TON of personality & character....and with a name like that, it's royalty worthy in my book....Along with a great selection of gourds, apples, squash & flowers, especially Mum's (lovely colors)....everything you need to decorate your home can be found here; corn stalks, hay stacks...
(albeit rather pricey, compared to other farms)....There are some other incentives for coming here too...Homemade fudge, apple cider donuts, fresh & frozen pies, fruits and veggie's...Their bottled jams, honey, dressings & sauces, butter pecan maple syrup (I still have some from last year, soo good) - black, white & yellow popping corn...apple cider..decorative goodies and treats...caramel apples...lots of stuff..I was recently here last Sunday afternoon and was surprised at how PACKED this place was...I've never been here when it's been this crowded...and let me tell you, it was like everyoneand their mother chose this day to visit Goebbert's....What the heck is with you people?You would have thought they were giving pumpkins away...(or donuts for that matter)..Possibly so, because these SCHMUCKS were ALL OUT of apple cider donuts, corn on the cob, FRESH apple pies, pecan pies, fruit pies....ALL OUT!I was not a happy Goebbert's shopper.....NO PIE FOR YOU!
NO CORN FOR YOU!NO DONUT FOR YOU!Now, how could they be out of corn on the cob???While I came with my sister and nephew and planned on stopping at a few attractions, one being the Haunted house, after seeing the ginormous lines for everything, my nephew was no longer interested...I didn't blame him..There was even a line for the Roasted Corn stand (4 times around the stand, long) and again I heard...NO CORN FOR YOU!I always grab a homemade apple pie ($13/ea) for my mom because she happens to really like them here, and it saves her from baking one of her own for the holidays...being that they were out of fresh, I grabbed a frozen pie.
While not a big deal, I will admit I was disappointed they were sold out of fresh...and yes, people started flocking over to the freezer section like wild geese...I never forget a "mini" pie for myself (perfect serving, $8 ea), and managed to scope out a few fresh ones left (choose from: pumpkin, dutch apple, caramel apple, pecan, mixed berry - I highly recommend this - combo of rhubarb, apple, strawberry & blueberries) Mixed berry was perfectly tart & sweet..simply yummy.....Only 2 were left, so within a millisecond I literally snatched them off the shelf, feeling victorious over the pie victory, like I had never seen pie before..
I see this as an option if you choose!
Seriously, it's basically like Taste of Chicago meets Lollapalooza, except it's on a suburban farm instead of Grant Park, goats and other livestock take center stage as opposed to Pearl jam, and the only food options available are kettle corn and apple cider.
Good selection of pumpkins.
It's a great experience and they have huge pumpkins and the best caramel apples.
You can also try their apple cider served hot or cold, freshly made apple cider donuts and homemade apple, pumpkin and cherry pies.
So be prepared for the outing to cost your family more than just your pumpkins and kettle corn for the ride home.
We do wish the cooked corn would be available on weekdays though.
The downside was that they didn't have any apple cider donuts yet.Delicious roasted corn $2.75Hot apple cider $2.00Gooey yummy brownie $3.00Kettle corn $6.00Animal Land Entrance Fee $10.00 No.
The selection was mediocre, at best, as most of the pumpkins were dented, had big patches or rotten spots, or were just so misshapen that there is no way to carve it.
I saw black pumpkins, white pumpkins, squash, bumpy pumpkins, Cinderella pumpkins, award winning pumpkins, and mini pumpkins! -Attractions: Play spaces, giant "pillow jump", camel rides, pony rides, and more.
There are pig races and a giant fire breathing "dinosaur." *$3 for cup of carrots,$2 for feed cone. -Food: Kettle corn, burgers, corn, cider, a few types of donuts, apples, pie and more.One really major item to add that is really concerning:Their "Animal Land" is full of farm animals mentioned earlier but also contains animals like giraffes, black bears, kangaroos, even tigers.
If they just stuck with pumpkins, caramel apples, and the corn maze, it would be a much better place.
First off, by no means should a farm pumpkin patch have exotic animals.
That will be $10 per person to stand in front of the giant pumpkin or big chair they have in the pumpkin field.
Why not fill that area with something more fall related? like a larger corn maze, a bigger pumpkin patch, maybe some apple trees?
She talked to us about some of the items that they have available for sale and accommodated our need for not wanting whipped cream on half of our order.
They have Breadsmith breads, which are great breakfast items, and a great selection edible autumnal gords which I never cease to find great recipes.
I don't have a problem paying for extras but if they aren't available some sort of flexibility should be expected.
Very disappointed with the animal selection.
They make up for charging more for their pumpkin selections and food.
The pumpkin pie has a kick to it and very flavorful!It was a beautiful day so we walked around and the variety of pumpkins is great with the "wee be little" and mini pumpkins to huge ones that are three times as big as your head!
They have various character boards and a huge pumpkin with corn stocks and hay surrounding it to take photos at.
A wide variety of pumpkins to choose from to take home.
These animals are in a climate that greatly differs from their natural habitat and fed all sorts of random food items.
Bakery with more pumpkin and apple items.
They have so many cool animals to visit and feed, a great selection of pumpkins, and amazing apple cider donuts!!
We just paid admission for the animal kingdom which will also give you access to the pumpkin patch and playground.
The pumpkins and apples are top notch, pricey but top notch.
They have mazes, bouncing games, rides, a very impressive selection of exotic animals including a giraffe that you are allowed to feed.
Some items were a bit pricier than expected, but on the other hand, things like seeing the animals were free, so perhaps it balances out.
If you are going to pick out pumpkins, it's good, they have a nice variety.
I'm really being picky here because it's all about the kids and they loved it but I felt that I would have just picked pumpkins at the Barrington location and saved the trip to Hampshire.They also have colored corn, crazy odd small squash pumpkin decoration things and baby pumpkins.
6) TOTAL RIP-OFF- no food for adults, no drinks either, lousy pizza and smallest juice box I've ever seen for kids, activities are 1-time only and last like 4 minutes each (can't believe it costs $4/person to jump on the pillow for 4 minutes) I wish i could give Goebbert's a better rating because they really do have a great selection of pumpkins and vegetables.
The pumpkins are not grown there and are basically just lying around in the grass.The corn maze is about the size of my backyard and you can see through it.
They also have a fresh market (veggies/fruits), and baked goods (no apple cider donuts yet though!).
I don't have a green thumb, but the flowers and plants they had out for sale were really pretty...pretty enough to make me want to go home with some.
Tickets for each activity are $4 during the week; $6 on weekends.Be sure to check out the market, which sells apples, potatoes, onions, along with seasonal goodies - apple cider, apple cider donuts, caramel apples, pies, bags of kettle corn and various bakery sweets.
In terms of food, I liked the hot apple cider and kettle corn.
This is your usual farm set-up: selling fresh produce, autumn gourds (pumpkins, etc), and pony rides.
Like many of these farms, they carry their own lines of apple butter, jams, cookie mixes, etc.
So, obviously by choosing to go today we KNEW it would be crowded... and we were in for a shock!However, isn't this a good thing???
They sell corn kernals, gourmet carmel apples, pumpkins of all shapes and sizes and have a Farmer's market and Cafe.
They do have a nice selection of different sizes and types of pumpkins and gourds.
Not bad, but overall I wanted more local, or assurances I was getting local.2) They sell cornstalks, gourds, pumpkins, Indian corn, hay bales and the like.
Small selection of costumes and Halloween decorations.3) They have a fantastic petting zoo that costs $4.
Neither one wanted to take a picture, but who can resist when your girlfriend begs and your aunt demands. :)We all enjoyed some of the roasted corn soaked in buttery goodness and their fudge was also a nice treat!
They have tons of flowers, pumpkins and squash.
All the good pumpkins are on the pay side of the farm the rest up in the gravel are over priced and bad.
Oh, they have totally sweet apple cider donuts, pumpkin pie, apple butter and pretty much any other autumn type food in their store.
The pumpkins, apples, cider, and donuts are shipped in and is no better than buying them at the grocery store.
I've been to quite a few pumpkin patches/fall farms of the Goebbert's Farm ilk, so I am, admittedly, holding the crew in Barrington to a high standard.
It was awesome.General store:Wide variety of apples, pies, chocolates, jams, jellies, salsa, popcorn, cheeses, Halloween decor, and more.
I don't want to jump to conclusions and say that isn't normal, but it made me question just how recently those peaches had been picked.Overall prices were okay - comparable to Whole Foods, but without the assurance that the items were Organic (I'm guessing not for almost of all it).
I guess I just dont let these things bother me...just an opinioni thought the zoo was great and gives us "something" else to do so you can make an afternoon out of it. i've been to other farms in IL and in michigan which are non-themed farms, but "Real" u-pick 'em farms and ive never really had good food there either. i guess just because you can grow food doesnt mean you can cook/bake it well =)so i would never go to a farm in the first place to get good food-food. we usually go here after lunch and just have a snack there like corn on the cob or popcorn. there are hardly any healthy options.i could go on...but really its just setting your expections and all the "negative" points are valid but just didnt bother me. you just need to see with what comments you identify with.but i would definitely go back again.
They have a great selection of pumpkins, gourds, etc.
They also had a magic show and the variety of animals to be seen was AMAZING.
They have pumpkins lying on well manicured lawns available for purchase.
Kettle Korn, roasted corn and the pumpkins were an extra afterthought to us.
The indoor store seems to have expanded as well, and now include a huge selection of stencils and pumpkin carving tools as well as Halloween toys.I would like to stress that the animals at this farm are very well taken care of.
Everyone thinks of Goebbert's in the fall but so many forget that the garden center is open for fresh fruits and vegetables, as well as some of the most beautiful plants, in the summer!
The variety of pumpkins is just AMAZINGand the prices are sooooooo reasonable.
Apple cider, warm, is SO good!
Me and Goebbert's go waaaaaay back.Like all the way back to grade school when we used to go on field trips here in the fall.Fast forward to current times when I was feeling nostalgic and, even more so, celebretory that autumn (best season ever -suck it summer humidity, spring allergens, and winter snow-dumping!) was finally here and the boyfriend and I decided to head out here and get some orange colored produce.We left with 2 enormous pumpkins, 2 butternut squash, 4 spaghetti squash, a half dozen gourds, fresh corn, apple cider, and a jar of vidalia onion jelly (sounds gross until you slather it on top of BBQ rubbed ribs.
Lots to see, amazing smells (roasting corn and butter...mmm...), and a lot of other people enjoying themselves.
I figured the pumpkin pie would have to be pretty good since it is a pumpkin farm after all and it was pretty expensive.
It's time for pumpkins, apple cider, roasted corn, hay rides and haunted houses!
The children experience- a movie about the history of the farm as well as the life cycle of pumpkin plants, a hayride, and free exploration of the petting zoo area.
I am able to pick out a pumpkin for our classroom, which I use for some pumpkin science lessons later.
Wide selection of animals in their petting zoo that were very sociable.
We did talk to one of the girls who originally took our ticket and told her what happened and she let us back into the paid area.The gift shop has a lot of nice things, I ended up buying a dozen cider donuts, I froze half and still have some...that reminds me....I can't really comment on the food selections as I only had an ear of roasted corn.
They have excellent corn and plenty of pumpkins to choose from.
Corn maze, camel rides, pony rides...yummy apple cider and applie cider donuts!
