The usual hay ride and corn maze is all in good fun.
Made worse of course by idiots on their cell phones not paying attention.
How do you expect them to pay for upkeep of the grounds, care for the animals, paying employees, etc.
Quality stuff here.Goebberts, dont let these bad reviews on here break your spirit.
The apple donuts were tasty!
Not only has Gobbert gone up in price it has went down in quality.
The Pumpkin Fudge is pretty good..I always buy some to give away....this line wasn't too bad either...$15/lb - buy a lb. get a 1/2 lb. free...you get a total of 6 pieces and they offer about nine or more flavors...No fee to enter.
A corn maze, camel rides, haystacks, hot sweet buttered corn, a small food court and shop, and of course a slew of pumpkins for the picking and buying for later carving or enjoying.
Tasty snacks.
I'd recommend the caramel apples sold at the register since they use fresh apples from their orchard and are made onsite!
If you would like to feed any of the animals, or do any of the real activities, it's an additional cost per person on top of the $15 you already paid. $6/person for camel rides, $6/person for pony rides, $3/person to feed the giraffe, $3/cup of food to feed the other animals.
If everything was made on site, that would be one thing, but at least half of the store is stuff made by bigger companies and sold there.
It's great to see these animals up close and personal but at too high a cost to the animals.
Kids like it, but of course you get charged to buy food to feed the animals....on top of the $15 you pay to get in per person.
Probably to distract you from the fact that they have nothing else to offer other than a tiny corn maze, playground, and overpriced gift shop.
Oh my gosh, Goebberts, you have really disappointed our family.Are the donuts still good?
The roast corn was my favorite! $3 for one, but it's definitely worth it because the corn is super sweet and a touch of butter it makes it so much better! *drools* I can eat it everyday, but my arteries might clog (haha).
We than had BBQ pull pork sandwiches and it was delicious and tasty.
Delicious!
Then we ventured into the big white tents.... and my horror only grew.
You can feed them, pet them, camel rides, corn pit, giant balloon for kids to jump on, hay ride, DELICIOUS grilled corn.
WHAT??? yes. a corn box. or corn pit.
I did try to make a corn angel.
Excellent bakery with fresh food.
The food is also pretty good - nice sweet corn, the pumpkin soup was tasty, and of course delicious apple cider donuts.
Plus they have the best roasted corn, but it is only available on the weekends and cash only.
I left with a bad taste in my mouth and an ugly pit in my stomach.
Delicious food!
The food is good, particularly the roasted corn and those huge iced sugar cookies.
Paying $3 for a roasted corn seems like a good deal when you pay $2.25 for a tiny cup of coffee, which they fill only half way.
We also took home some jams and salsas and their tri-colored tortilla chips, which are delicious.
Taste really fresh, especially the blue corn tortilla chips.They did have pumpkins out so we brought home a couple mini pumpkins for the kids to paint to jump-start Halloween decorating.Can't wait to update after we visit again once the season starts this year.
Geobbert's is too over-commercialized for my taste, but it was still a lot of fun -- the two star rating is just in comparison to my idealized version of a pumpkin patch.
I got a jar of their pumpkin butter, and it's absolutely delicious.
The animals are adorable and we saw them being fed high quality food and vegetables like orange bell peppers and meat near the closing time.
The food prices were reasonable in our opinion with how delicious the food was (BBQ pork, pumpkin soup, apple slice square and hot cider).
The animals, to my eye, seemed healthy enough.
The Apple Cider donuts are delicious & so is the apple pie!I loved everything about Goebberts!
For an extra fee you can get your photo taken with tiger cubs may be a big plus for you.
They looked quite pet-able.Hint: do the corn maze first, snag some corn, and feed it to the zebu when you come back through rather than buying the grain at a quarter a handful.4) They have a corn maze.
The kettle corn is also very good.
The corn maze is pretty lame, but did I mention the awesome animals!
A "canned hunt" is essentially a cowardly form of animal assassination; animals are hunted not in the wild but in restricted areas where hunters can be virtually guaranteed a "kill". Also, In an article by Steve Barney (an animal advocacy group), on July 12, 1999, approximately 15 sooty mangabey monkeys died at Soebel's R-Zoo in Neshkoro, WI, allegedly of electrocution.
It was very very sweet, and it's amazing.
Note: This review is based only on the Garden/Produce storeIt's probably not fair to say I'm disappointed with my visit to Goebbert's Garden Center, because admittedly my expectations were set pretty high, but I will say I won't be going back.The store offers a wide array of produce but the majority of it isn't from their farm (or even local).
We nibbled on roasted corn and are considering going back just to have that tasty snack again.
I grew up in this beautiful horse country and can honestly say what they are doing here is a wonderful educational opportunity for the local kids to enjoy.Another big plus?
On the outskirts of the corn maze, the corn is see through and thin, but it's deceptively big.
The corn wasn't especially fresh either, but they did smother it in butter so it wasn't all that bad.
The kettle corn was somewhat expensive at $6, but at least the bag was huge.
They were probably fried fresh that day, but they just didn't seem as good when they weren't served freshly fried.
Lastly, children and devolving adults can achieve quality family time riding (and don't forget the selfie stick) a camel in its natural suburban habitat.
Had the best roasted corn I think I've ever had!Now, why did I knock off a star... first, the Indian corn, while beautiful, was not the best... kids could get to it far too easily (at least that which I saw) and so the bottoms of the bunches were missing many kernals.
Yup, I'd pay 6 bucks for a spaghetti or butternut squash at my beloved Valli Produce, and they're cheaper here.
The crust was really bad and it tasted very cheap.
Oh yeah.... and they have THE BEST apple cidar donuts.
Then in the summer they have a farmers market with great fresh produce and amazing homegrown sweet corn.
Being a vegetarian I love to eat fresh produce and this is a great place to get it!All year round I'm a big fan!
After the $5 pony ride and the $3 for each ear of roasted corn (delicious though) we really couldn't buy anything from the store.
The produce looked very nice.
Don't forget to stop and have their wonderful apple cider and their delicious apple cider donuts.
Be sure to buy a bag of their freshly made kettle corn and try one of their roasted corns (yes I know I eluded to this already but they are that damn good!)
And so we could enter the corn maze...that blasted corn maze (more on that in a bit).
The kettle corn is the best!
It has pumpkins galore, a petting zoo, home decor, haunted house, and delicious baked goods.
