Simple things to knowThe fruit and vegetable selection will change throughout the summer.It's better to go early so that you have the best selection.And order your pizza first before the line gets long.
The market features amazing vendors that dish up other tasty favorites - grilled cheese, bakeries, veggies, flowers, meats, cheeses, dairy, basically anything that you'd prefer fresh and locally grown.Fun date idea to meet here, buy all your supplies for a meal, and then go home and cook all that goodness up!
You can always count on the delicious cheese, apple cider donuts, crepes, flowers, jams, and grilled cheese and raclette!
It's fun to buy random items for your fridge, but I've found it best to check out what's in season in advance and come ready to shop to make a nice fresh meal for dinner.
There's just something about vendors on vendors selling items they've come to perfect.
Now the produce selection wasn't huge like the markets in Europe but it was enough.
A few negatives are that there are not enough drink options, no tables to eat or sit, and 2hr parking was advertised for $10 with validation in the lot next door but it actually costs $16.
I've been to the West Loop location but it doesn't compare in size, variety, or hot food vendors.
Amazing selection of produce from lots of vendors.
Many bakeries with pastries and breads, salsas and pasta sauces, fresh eggs and juices, you name it.
The vendors and their food selection was A+.
The fruit, vegetables and flowers here are beautiful too!
Grab a pastry or some other tasty treat and wonder through all the goodies.
Produce, flowers, cheeses, meats, prepared foods, and other specialties.
I loved the melon stand that had over a dozen varieties with a self-serve sample set up with a melon baller at each one.
I have two must-have items--fresh flowers and fresh tomatoes.
They have amazing butters, cheeses, bread, fruits, veggies and also foods to eat.
It can get a bit crowded, but if you go when they open you get a better selection.
It was a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but there was so much to look at and a great variety of fresh fruits and vegetables...I can't wait to see what the rest of summer and fall holds.
Fresh strawberry/blueberry smoothie is like sipping on sunshine.
Tomatoes (green, red, yellow), asparagus, lettuce, squash, squash blossoms, potatoes, strawberries, peas...a nice array.
There was also cheese, pasta, salsa, pickled veggies, meats and seafood to purchase as well.
Best farmers market in Chicago- hands down!Pick the best produce of each season, find fresh flowers, and munch on locally sourced food while you're at it.
A fantastic selection of vendors, and most have quite reasonable prices.
Not only is it one of the longest running markets on the calendar, but it is one of the oldest and most respected in the Chicago area.Unique items about such as zucchini flowers, beet ketchup, artisan cheeses, organic non-gmo tofu, and on and on.
Tons of tomatos!
I always find a large variety of fruits, vegetables, canned goods, breads, and cheeses.I went to the market on Wednesday and Saturday of this week and both days are equally awesome, although the set-up is a little different each day.
They have fruits, vegetables, grass-fed meats, dairy, eggs, pickled vegetables, flowers, honey, and several other fun local finds.
The produce had a ton of variety but I wish there were more stands.
From Spring to Fall a great variety of fruits and veggies.
This time of year crunchy apples, acorn squash, broccoli, greens, brussel sprouts, root vegetables, tomatoes, onions, garlic, potatoes, sweet potatoes, just to name a few.
Grilled sandwiches, apple cider fritters, crepes, soups, chili), cooking demonstrations, meats, baked goods, salsas, etc.
The selection is ok.
Vendors were selling everything from artful loaves of crisp bread to brightly-colored produce.
I was particularly wowed by a sun gold tomato jam that acted as a sweet spread to breads and a tart marinade for meats.
I suggest:-Pasta Puttana, Handcrafted, farm-fresh pasta that you can take home and cook.
I like this market better than the one at Daley Plaza, somehow it seems more natural to buy fresh fruits and vegetables in a park setting than in the middle of the Loop.At Green City, you can find an assortment of fruits, vegetables, fresh herbs, honey, flowers, even pies (and I'm bummed that they were all sold out by the time we got there).
There are gorgeous fresh flowers (I'm bringing home fresh peonies this weekend) and local honey, fresh baked bread, meat, veggies (MUST get the tomatoes!), fruit, jams and jellies and pie!
Also can get some good honey, flowers and of course produce.
In the fall, you can find apple ciders, lots of different kinds of apples, mushrooms, gourds and peppers.
Fresh fruit, veggies and prepared food galore.
At this time of the year there was a nice selection of produce.
However, we could not resist that yummy looking strawberry rhubarb bread pudding from Floriole.
They also have an assortment of baked goods, meats, smoothies, and honey.
I mainly go for the fruits, greens, cheeses, and honey.
Especially the heirloom tomatoes, when they become available in the late summer.
Get your seasonal fall finds here: dark green kale, vibrant Swiss chard, acorn and butternut squashes, fresh apple cider.
Apples, strawberries and asparagus are bountiful right now.
If you're looking for Fruits, Veggies, Cheese, Meat, and a handful of other specialty items, this place is great.
There was a nice variety of produce and eats...which we all know I appreciate as by evidence of my waistline.
I snagged some beautiful looking red leaf lettuce, beets, red carrots (!!!), peaches, red onions and micro greens.
It may be the time of the season, but the majority of vendors were selling cheese, herbs, plants, and meats.
I like the cider smoothies and the warm apple cider zeppole.
The vendors rotate, some coming in every other week or even once a month, which is a positive in my book as it keep it changing as well as something to look forward to week to week or even month to month.Stands that were there had a good assortment of fresh herb plants (basil, thyme, oregano, etc), nice arrangements of cut flowers.
Not only were there vegetables, but also honey, cheeses, meats, baked goods, flowers, herbs, demonstrations (someone from Uncommon Ground was doing a demo while we were there), foods prepared while you waited (Mom and I split a crepe), and more.
Many other shoppers were there as well, which surprised me for the week day and the previously questionable weather.I got: - small, sweet strawberries from Michigan- green garlic (like a cross between bulb garlic and a green onion or something; I plan to make a recipe I have for Chai Chicken Wings with Green Garlic Aioli)- spring onions (look like overgrown green onions)- butter lettuce (I am now looking at all my salad dressing recipes to see what is worthy of dressing this lettuce, it looks so nice!)- radishes (lots of varied types of radishes to be seen, different colors and shapes)- portobello mushrooms (the vendor i bought from was selling only mushrooms, as well as mushroom salsas and pickled mushrooms in jars, and they were beautiful; often the mushrooms in stores look kind of blackish where they're not supposed to, but these were pure white on the stems, very fresh)I rushed home and used the mushrooms to make Mollie Katzen's Nut-Crusted Portobello Mushroom Fritters for dinner, which were delicious.
Having all this lovely produce at my disposal made my pull out my recipe binder and look at my salad dressing recipes again as well as ideas for other meals.
The market sells everything from fresh fruits and vegetables to breads, cheeses, meats, flowers, even homemade ice cream, sandwiches, and other lunch things.
Most of the vendors are cash only.For about $20 I bought 6 peaches, a pint of blueberries, an onion, and an ice cream cone.
I wish they had more variety of venders, however, I enjoyed walking around and bought some amazing fruit at a decent price. veggies and cheeses and flowers, oh my! green city market is a feast for the senses. just don't buy everything that tempts you in one visit or you'll go broke. the fun part of that is that you never run out of new things to explore.for organic fruits and veggies go to green acres farm! my favorites (though hard to choose) are the kale and eggplant. my girlfriend can't get enough of the beets and shallots. try the ground cherries- not only delicious, but cute. something i look for in a fruit. :)love the empanada thingies and the cider donuts at zullo's. we may have gone a just a tad overboard with our last order, which added up to $24. see what i mean about indulging in all your temptations?seedling has the best apples i've ever tasted. i exaggerate not.and ya'll know i'm a cheese girl. plenty to choose from here! when i want to treat myself i get a baked cheese from brunkow. just heat it up and it gets all crisp and buttery. it is what i'll call skies-opening-up-revealing-rays-of-sunlight-and-the-sound-of-angels-singing good.
We went on Saturday and came away with a very nice variety of quality items (beef brisket, four different cheeses and some artisinal honey.There was about 12-16 vendors (about what I was expecting because it is still winter), with quite a bit of overlap, which is to be expected at a farmer's market.
Grab 3 sample cups of apple cider or give a $1 tip for a cup of Intelligentsia coffee and you've got your breakfast out of the way.-Venture past all the booths with fresh herbs, flowers, produce, meats and dairy products by following your nose and eyes (longest line) to the best.
I was intrigued by the tofu vendor and the selection of sandwiches, but ultimately decided that $10 for a sandwich was too much.
There is great variety and dependable organic produce.
If you go early it's cooler out and there is more selection, but it's also more crowded, so it's up to you.
It was the cheese and veggie one, where you get to pick from 2 cheeses and like 5 veggies.
I can't speak highly enough of the dense, veggie-filled Floriole quiches or Zullo's fresh (warm, unbelievable) donuts.The market is unlike others in Chicago because it offers familiar faces and open spaces; sitting and enjoying a fresh crepe from Abby's filled with Prarie Pure cheese and Klug Farms greens, listening to a guitarist down the way or taking in one of the market's many demonstrations can be one of the season's greatest treats.The GCM combines a remarkable level of hometown warmth with a unique sense of place, with local growers and vendors like Burton's (maple syrup, maple water and other outstanding treats) who remember your name and your preferences week after week.The produce is fantastic, as should be expected.
I can't leave without a bag full of fresh in-season fruits & vegetables, and some meat and cheese.
I also love buying some of the fresh fruit jams, salsas, or honey as gifts!
Green City Market has it all...produce, herbs, grass-fed meat, specialty breads, canned foods and sauces, flowers, and cheese.
I left with a veal shoulder roast, asparagus, canned asparagus/spinach dip, cheese and an apple.
This is how you get more fruits and veggies in your diet.
We bought: peaches, creminis, green beans, corn, red carrots, and two types of beets.
Cheese, meats, breads, milk, fruits and vegetables, gorgeous flowers.
I love the variety of produce and different vendors.
Also bought a nice assortment of heirloom tomatoes, a white eggplant, some fresh corn, and golden raspberries.
Today, as I was wandering along through the tables covered with beautiful and aromatic veggies, fruits, herbs, cheeses, breads and jams I could almost imagine that I was back in my village market in France.
I've lived here for 5 years and yesterday was my first trip to the market, for this I'm very disappointed in myself.It was full of dogs to swoon over, samples of fried/grilled cheeses, and buckets of fabulously delicious produce.
It does the double duty of the best farmers' markets, which I think is to:1) Deliver awesome food (MUST try the apple cider doughnuts and the cider at the very least) 2) Inspire you to make your own!This time I was inspired to get some new herbs for my indoor apartment collection, freshly baked bread, and some apples to make pie - can't wait to make good use of all of them and hopefully go back soon!It is a little overpriced, more than the grocery store, but considering its location that's not terribly surprising - just make sure you only pay for the truly special items!
There is a great selection of foods including meats, dairy, canned fruits and veggies, etc.
Such friendly people, such decent and even low prices on super fresh veggies, fruit, eggs, milk, meat, pasta, breads, pies, cheeses, butter, herbs that it left my mouth salivating.
People of all ages all around me scouring, smiling, hmm hawing over this peach, this apple, this pastry... what wasn't a surprise?
SELECTION: Large and bountiful offerings.
Berries, peaches, fruits, veggies, leaves of every variety, fresh flowers...you name it, they've probably got what you need.
If you're more sweet on savory, get yours filled with fresh herbs and cheese.- Peruse the vendors' goods and find fresh apples, pears, berries, squash, tomatoes, pumpkins, herbs, breads, cheese, jams, pierogi, cut flowers...
Best thing at the market!!I love all the produce here and the variety of meats available.
From the absolutely fresh produce, to the completely cool and different things I find here, this has become a weekend tradition for my SO and I. Among the items I have discovered and loved since visiting this place two years ago:(1) Chicago Honey Co-Op Honey(2) Garlic Scapes(3) Handbag bread(4) Turkish Eggplant(5) About 20 different varieties of tomato(6) French shallots(7) One helluva awesome French baker (southwest corner of the market)(8) Patty pans(9) Eight ball zucchini(10) Japanese zucchini(11) Hen of the woods mushrooms(12) Some sort of cheese that you can grill but doesn't melt(13) Michigan fruit -- all of it from the blueberries to the cherries to the apples to the nectarines.
FYI--if you are planning a trip, go early because some vendors run out of stuff quickly.Now it is really early in the season, so there isn't alot of variety at the moment, you must wait a bit for the fruits to come in.
What they do have currently is lots & lots of asparagus, rhubarb, and tons of fresh herbs.
They also have wonderful organic pastries, breads, lettuce, canned tomatoes, mushrooms, meats, cheeses, etc.
Bring coffee, you will want to be awake and alert for this.Many tents offering a lot of the basics (peaches, berries, tomatoes, squash) and some throwing in a few little oddities (french breakfast radishes, anyone?)
There is also a meat vendor, bread vendor, and what appeared to be...crepes?
When I was there I bought some gorgeous cippolini onions, french bread and squash blossoms.
There were a variety of veggies, baked goods, cheeses and meats that were available for purchase.
There didn't seem to be much of a varied selection in regards to produce.
There was asparagus galore, lots of scallions and rhubarb and herbs - all the good springtime fare.In an effort to buy and consume more local and organic ingredients, I heaped my bag full of asparagus, fingerling potatoes, a couple of tomatoes (these aren't quite at their peak yet), and a lovely little rosemary plant for my windowsill.
Looking forward to berries and tomatoes and corn and all that good summer produce, straight from our local farmers!
I love the chicken, turkey, butter and fresh egg options available that I cannot seem to find elsewhere.
Being spring, asparagus and rhubarb were found everywhere along with many different types of fruit and vegetable plants that can be transplanted in your own garden.The downside?
Early in the year (May and June) you will only find spring vegetables (fresh onions, garlic, asparagus, greens, strawberries, and rhubarb).
I cannot resist the flowers, sweet peaches and raspberries.
I always find cute families and LP'ers with their green shopping bags frolicking through the park, buying fresh breads, jams, honey, flowers, veggies, fruits and many other items.
One of my favorite things to do on a Saturday morning is to head down to Green City Market and pick up enough produce, herbs, and bakery for the next few days.The selection is fantastic and the crowd is manageable (minus the stroller crew).
So they do have many items but I feel that you can get similar fresh veggies and breads at other farmers markets throughout the city.
Although early in the season, I was able to find some yummy things: asparagus; mixed greens; sprouts; and goat cheese.
They have some excellent cheeses (with samples) and a plethora of plants and veggies.
My $8 crepe was ho-hum on the latest tasting and with so many great options to choose from why spend your money there?
Good selection with some unusual items.
I cant wait for the berries, the cucumbers,tomatoes, the squash, yipppppeeee.
But the tomato selection was pitiful, and the one (WHAT only one???) cheese vendor's 7 or so selections all tasted pretty much the same.
And it is still too early in the growing season for a full on variety of products yet, so just be patient.
I usually associate farmers markets with good deals, and fresh local food is always important to me, but spending a lot of fresh produce is not something I can always afford to do.All in all, a wonderful, farmer's market, it's especially beautiful in the summer since it's just off the lake and in Lincoln Park.
Of course, because it is all local stuff, the variety of produce available shifts and changes throughout the season.
In May, you'll see the usual spring suspects: asparagus, lettuces, greens, rhubarb.
Soon enough, there will be brocolli, peppers, corn, eggplants, every kind of heirloom tomato you can imagine and more.
Artisan breads and baked treats.
I walked away with a pound of red potatoes, green beans, raspberries, blueberries, and a jar of strawberry/raspberry preserves for $17.
In the summer, the place has great produce - tent after tent after tent of bins and tables of brightly colored fruits and vegetables.
For those who like to cook... to meet those who like to grow great fruits, vegetables, animals... a great resource for foodies!
I bought a basil plant, fresh salad greens, cherry tomatoes (the best I've ever had), blueberries and some freshly made salsa.
I have been using all of my produce in meals.
In fact, Saturday night I made vegetarian Kabobs with Green pepper, onion, cherry tomatoes and potatoes from the market.
There is also fresh milk and grass-fed and free-range meats available.
There were also tons of vendors making sandwiches and other meals.I will return this week and the weeks after. comparatively, green city market is pretty big, one of the bigger in the city. the large variety of tomatoes is impressive, and vendors will usually label them. i love tomatoes, cooked or raw, so loved the opportunity to try ones i'd never had before. overall, though, i wasn't blown away by the selection of produce considering how big the market is or its reputation. it seems that many of the vendors sell the same things -- lots of tomatoes, green beans, peppers on the saturday i went. only a couple were selling herbs. if you've never been before, it can be a little confusing with the way the tables wind in various directions and irritatingly crowded. it's hot in the summer standing out in the sun waiting to get mushrooms along with a zillion other people and their kids and grandmas. i was surprised by how pricey everything is--almost on par with whole foods, which is as pricey as food gets. no wonder most of america is overweight. they can't afford fresh produce even if they went to the farmer's market here. i'm willing to pay more for quality and fresh food, but it is also hard to tell what is organic, and what is not. some vendors have signs, but it would be nice if they organized the vendors around organic or not like they do at the farmer's market i used to frequent. i'll probably be back to give it another try, maybe earlier in the day.
Apple cider donuts = yum!
I absolutely LOVE farmers markets, especially those with a great selection of wonderful produce.
While its not the largest farmers market I've been to, it had plenty of selection for fruits, vegetables, fresh bread, homemade cheeses and beautiful flowers.
They have such a great variety of vendors, from the regular veggies and meats, to home stuff and bakeries.
Besides, it's nice to know who produces your food and I prefer to support actual people than corporations, even if it's a well-intentioned one (ahem, Stanley's).It's better to go early in the morning for the best selection because things do run out.
You'll see quite a range, from bakeries to dairies and even homemade pasta and a honey co-op.
You will find the freshest produce, buttery Scones that are to die for, great Coffee, Cherries, Broccoli, plants, gorgeous flowers, honey, jams, cheese, just about anything you can think of.
I do love the market and the variety of items to choose from but if you get there after 7:30 a.m the place is a total zoo!
You can leave loaded down with herbs, vegetables to tide you over for a week, an organic chicken for Sunday dinner, crusty bread for your breakfast, and a bouquet of flowers as your reward for taking such good care of yourself.
Lots of fun, good variety and it feels great just to be there.
The flower and fruit selections are wonderful.
Great choices on things you can eat there for breakfast as well as many selections from farms, bakers, and more to take home and enjoy.
I loved the fresh produce, even though there is not much variety yet due to the season.
Of particular note were the fancy peppers I picked up last trip -- great smell and flavor, plus they came in red, green, white and PURPLE varieties, which as a foodie, kinda blew my mind.
I've purchased everything from honey to cheese to butter to pork shoulder to pasta to kohlrabi to heirloom potatoes.
It has all the essentials - vegetables, meat, cheese, milk, bread, meals ready to go, and a dude playing some hobbit-sounding music.
The selection and quailty of vegies is so very nice.
Assortment of vegetables, especially tomatoes and lettuce, flower baskets, fresh cut flowers, herbs, and cheeses (samples galore).
Love to bake with the fresh fruit and grill fresh veggies with my meal - the mushroom vendor is the staple of at least one meal per week at my house, and it's great to snack on a crepe with fresh ingredients from the market or a burger made from tasty locally raised beef.
Such an interesting and gorgeous variety--more than just sunflowers and hydrangea. 3 bouquets for $15!
I did, however, try a strawberry rhubarb spritzer from there... which was good, but not great.
There were also some tomatoes, potatoes, and leafy greens.
But really, there wasn't much variety.
They did have some herb plants, that looked nice!Overall, I was a little disappointed with the variety and the number of stands.
Peaches, pears, honey crisp apples, blackberries, and plums were the fruit of my choice today - all very good.
They have a nice variety of vendors who sell here, from veggies, fruits, fresh milk, cheese, meats, honey, flowers, cider, and pasta.
I look forward to getting up early and going to get some fresh veggies and milk.
All our tomato plants, cilantro, basil, mint (for mojitos), serrano pepper, and habanero we got from the market.
I know people tell me that fruit and veggies in Chicago do not compare to CA's, but honestly, I thought their selection was abundant and the produce was beautiful!
I saw so many varietals of beets, pumpkins, and heirloom tomatoes that I have never seen before.
Bought a nice bag of mixed mushrooms for 10$ (they give you SOOO many shiitake, baby bella & oysters) and just had a great time looking at all the different produce.. saw tons of different varieties of veggies I've never known of before (like the place with a gazillion varieties of potatoes.. who knew they had so many kinds) I can't wait to go again.
Between Sun Gold tomatoes from Tomato Mountain, delicious cheeses from Brunkow, fresh baked breads, handmade pasta, gorgeous herbs, & a list that could go on for so long that it'd be obscene.
Not too sweet and tons of fresh fruit that was cooked perfectly.
I had the savory crepes with light cheese, mushrooms and summer squash.
From the first ramps and watercress of spring to today's pumpkins and chestnuts, thanks for a great season!
Try Pasta Putana, a homemade pasta chic who has an AWESOME (but expensive) product!
Crepes were good, flatbread tasty and the apple cider sorbet was not to be missed.
Will go back regularly for fruits and veggies, but probably only once in a while to treat myself to a crepe.
