This is a great place to spend your Saturday morning on a nice day and pick out fresh produce, fresh herbs, and grab lunch!
If you didn't know, Michigan has phenomenal soil that creates wonderful horticulture and produce.
In the fall you have wonderful apples, in the summer you get delicious cherries and blueberries.
Green City Market is where I go to get my true taste of Michigan produce.It also features amazing vendors that dish up other tasty favorites - grilled cheese, bakeries, veggies, flowers, meats, cheeses, dairy, basically anything that you'd prefer fresh and locally grown.
Tons of fresh produce, and handmade food products like honey and syrup.There are a few good vendors as well offering up some delicious pastries, pies, tamales, wood fired pizza etc. definitely worth a visit.
If you're in the area it would be a great way to get something fresh for those Sunday dinners.
Awesome farmers market with great produce!
Most produce is fresh and driven in that morning from Michigan, so it can't be beat.
They sold tons of food both fresh and hot goods.
The other caution is pricing, which is all over the place and where one may buy non-organic produce at a higher price than organic if not careful.
Over half the market though is overpriced, ready made food kiosks or other premade or packaged food.I was amazed at how little some of the produce vendors knew about their own product- I said to Green Acres for example I knew they were not organic but wanted to know about another certification they have- this man dismissed it and said "yeah, we're organic."
I also think that if you are a person who tries to buy organic as much as possible, and depending on where you tend to shop, the difference isn't that noticeable.
Breakfast crepes are amazing, Gayle's cheese sandwiches are to die for, and there is a portable wood burning oven that turns out authentic italian-style pizzas nonstop (a good portion of the crowd was carrying pizza boxes while they shopped).
Prices are a little high but you're paying for high quality food made by people who actually care AND you're in Chicago...so it really should be expected.
Lots of great local produce, flowers and local products.
Delicious strawberries at Klug's Produce Stand!
We loved the grilled cheese, too :) Local blueberries grown alongside the lake.
The salad greens looked amazing as did basically everything else there.
They painted a hell of a picture and really revved up my taste buds.
Produce, fresh flowers, and locally sourced food.
The 5ish food tents were all very tasty, especially the grilled cheese one.
Over the past several years, I have been better about incorporating organic ingredients, fruits, and vegetables into my daily food repertoire, but I also want to educate myself in the locavore movement.
There's a massive selection here and the quality is or near perfection at every vender.
Fresh produces are nice but more expensive than wholefoods.
Always get great quality stuff here.
Everything is fresh /organically grown!
It tasted like sweet eggs.
They have all of the fresh produce that you can imagine.
A lot of it is organic too.
Wish I would love it because I appreciate the concept but for the prices you pay, I find the quality lacks.
While not all of the farmers are organic (which is kind of a joke of a label thanks to the FDA), the majority practice sustainable farming.
Organic, fresh, bountiful produce - it just makes me happy.
You can also get food from the vendors like grilled cheese sammies, tamales etc so you can munch while you shop.Of course it is expensive than usual stores, but the quality of the food is absolutely incomparable.
I missed the wonderful midwestern produce, honey from Indiana, fresh flowers, food samples, live music and cooking demonstrations from some of Chicago's best chefs.
I felt it was kinda on the expensive side and while I appreciate local organic produce...I really don't want to pay $5 dollars for blueberries.
Who knew that micro greens could be so damn delicious?
The burger stand smelled pretty delicious as well.
I sampled a few cheeses and delicious veggies.
I made my way over to the crepe booth, which was calling my name, until I saw a young woman walk who looked like she was really enjoying her delicious veggie sandwich.
Goat cheese is one of my favorite things ever, but what really made this sandwich so tasty was the fresh vegetables they loaded onto it...I don't even like asparagus, but couldn't get enough of the asparagus on this sandwich!
In fact, it's about the same price, if not more, than buying at a grocery store but the quality is so much better.
I'd say everything was $2 to $4 more than what you'd find in say a Whole Foods based on grocery shopping I did just 2 days ago.Conclusion........This is must see for anyone.....great quality food, a ton of selection compared to other markets, and true support for sustainable relatively local growers.
Today, some of my finds were a bacon cookie, grilled cheese and onions, amazing pickles, delicious jams, wheat grass and wonderful organic produce.
I love that everything is fresh and locally grown from the area.
Everything looked and smelled delicious.
It was such a great market, with plenty of prepared foods as well as fresh produce.
They'll be the first thing to go.-Head to Zullo's for a light breakfast of soft, freshly fried doughnuts ($5 a cone; a bonus is visiting Flora Confection's booth and they'll spoon some Pate de fruit on a doughnut or two), or possibly a fresh, seasonal, organic focaccia sandwich, and/or a muffin from Floriole's Bakery.
Wait, that part was pretty awesome.
They appeared to be high-quality and very large, but still.
The produce looked great, if a bit pricey.
You walk into lower Lincoln Park and you see children playing, dogs taking naps, musicians banging away on drums and other instruments, and local growers selling their delicious wares.Everything I've gotten from GCM has been delicious, especially the grilling cheese that....I'm sorry to say I forget to sells it.
The bread was made fresh that morning and so amazing.
Who would have thought you could buy fresh fruits, vegetables, and cheeses ~among other items~ right near the heart of one of the largest cities in the world.
The information table and several other booths were glad to have the children taste their products and educate them on the true meaning of organic.
What is organic you ask?
She was amazed that right here in the city, she could feel at home on a farm and shop for fresh produce.
Dinners with extra fresh ingredients always excite me.
And, I'm sure, delicious.
I'm a sucker for locally grown produce and a huge sucker for cheese and fresh bread.
Although delicious and fresh, it can also be a money guzzler. =( I also hate that it is walking distance from my place, which makes it easier for me to spend my money.
I did not get a chance to buy any meat, they have several vendors for poultry and pork products.
Everything is delicious!
The best part was the section of baked goods.
The thing is, there are so many wonderful and intriguing items that looked and smelled so good, they awoke ideas.
Apple cider smoothies made with sweet cherries ($5, and SOOOO worth it)?
You pay for quality.
What do you get when you cross lovely, fresh, organic produce and cracked out/drunk people yelling at each other at 7:15 on a Wednesday morning?
A lot of stands sold organic, grass-fed meats that looked like you had to order and have it delivered later.
Looks like they get all the best things.
If shopping for local organic produce doesn't make you and your body feel good, nothing will.
Not only is it good for you, it is good for local farmers as well as the environment.
I have never encountered an unfriendly farmer or vendor, and though the prices might be higher and the produce doesn't last as long as that bought in a grocery store - there is a reason!
Everything is organic and pesticide free even if it's not "certified organic" (a very expensive process to just get a stamp on your food), and I love that all the farmers are local (I think I read within a 2 hour drive?).
It gives me great pleasure to support these local farmers, get fresh, pesticide free veggies, and maybe indulge in a crepe, pastry or grilled cheese while I'm wandering around Love the quality of the fruits, veggies & flowers!
A fresh crepe first thing in the morning isn't too bad either.
The organic crepes and burger are fantastic.
But it's still a great source for meat, baked goods, cheese, and eggs (really, get the eggs!).
I was here 2 weeks ago. came on Wednesday.was not crowded because it rain hard on Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning.the grasses were stll soaking wet.there were only a few stands.did not find the Amish stand(I found them the next day in the loop).brought some nice honey crisp apples and sweet juicy peaches from a Michigan farm.--2 apples for $3 a pound.--5 peaches for $6.yes, more expensive than the supermarket but everything was really fresh.
Lots of vendors from Wisconsin and Michigan with quality offers, we picked up flowers and veggies on this trip.
In addition, there are coffee and lunch stands serving up some incredibly tasty, healthy items.
Now that I am addicted to the flowers and fresh produce, it's hard to resist this glorious shopping in the park.
You will pay a little more for the organic bounty, but I am impressed with the freshness and quality of my purchases.If you are driving, you can park in the lot between Stockton and Clark, off of Clark. $9 with validation from the Market (main info desk).
Very good local organic produce.
Not a lot of good produce right now, I stocked up on asparagus, but its may so I know good times lay ahead for produce lovers like myself.
Farmers markets remind me of being young again back home in the country when my parents would grow all the fresh produce and I would go out to the garden and eat things right off the vine.
But you won't really pay less if you shop at WF for your organic produce, and at least at the Green Market you're supporting the individual farmers.The baked goods have been fantastic each time we've gotten them, and the crepes are very nice too.
It serves as Chicago's premiere farmer's market, allowing urban dwellers to purchase fresh, organic, and, most importantly, seasonal produce.
Because produce eaten while in in season tastes better.
Some of them are incredible and fresh as can be.
Then why is the bronkow mass produced cheese still being sold there I can get that shit at jewel? why is refrigerated meat being sold there?
Everything is organic, local and super fresh, so you don't have to worry about where the food is coming from and what has been done to it.
Think of it like this - you don't have to add much to this food to make it wonderful.
So instead of spending money and time on trying to make unappealing supermarket veggies shipped in from who knows where taste good, all this stuff needs is a dash of salt and pepper and it tastes twice as good.
My boyfriend thought he hated brussel sprouts until he tasted the ones I roasted after buying at the green market that morning: sweet, tender deliciousness!Fresh produce, ciders, flowers, crackers, breads, cheeses, meats and eggs can all be found at the market, and honestly, you really can't go wrong here.
It tastes like grilled cheese.
The food is top notch, amazingly flavorful and the diversity of vendors is fantastic.
Meat, lots of produce, even eggs and milk.
I love roaming from tent to tent, checking out all the delicious produce, cheese, meat, and flowers.
And did I mention that my favorite part is that this supports local farmers and you get delicious and fresh food??
Really, the only good thing here in the winter is the beef. 3 stars.
Just remember it's not organic or free range and it's not as local as you think.
My tomatoes are delicious!
I can't wait to enjoy all my produce and fresh bread.
Loved the unique combinations; totally delicious.
Pricey, but justifiable because of a high standard of quality & selection.
Its so hard to show self control when there is so much good looking food, but I did my best and left with only a bagful of ingredients.
The corn I picked up was especially tasty... probably the best I've ever had.
While I am an avid Top Chef fan and learned about the market from the show, having a huge trailer promoting the show seemed so out of place among the organic and locally grown produce.
Everything I've ever gotten from here has been the best and I can't say enough good things about it.
Sure sometimes it's hectic and it might be a bit expensive, but the quality here is practically perfection.
The eggplant and tomatoes were wonderful, but I cooked them the day I got them. :( It's a great place to go and get fresh, interesting produce that you may not find at your local Whole Foods or grocery store.
Today I got some EXCELLENT cherries and asparagus.
All in all, it's 3 stars because it's a hassle if you can't walk or ride there and it's really tough to not spend a small fortune (everything looks so yummy!)
I have no problem with the items I've purchased at GCM - the quality is great.
With beautiful and delicious food grown locally and organically, I'm not sure how you could go back to Whole Foods...at least during the growing season.
Not to mention the fresh eggs, dairy, cheese and meat during the winter, now that they are year round.
Yum Even if you don't fall in love with the beautiful produce, you might be won over by the delicious crepes, or perhaps even the all-organic burgers sold here.
There are also fresh eggs (chicken and duck, but come early before the duck eggs sell out), and organically raised chicken, beef, and lamb.
I usually go Wednesdays, when the crowds are tolerable, and always enjoy the chef demonstrations and some of the freshest, best tasting produce anywhere.
The Vella girls are so nice, and boy do they make a tasty grilled cheese!
The best fruits and veggies from farms in the region using sustainable and or organic farming methods.
Great sampling of Wisconsin cheeses.
I also am a sucker for the fresh cheeses and honey.
Organic fresh produce, meat and flowers.
I go every Saturday and enjoy buying local, organic food directly from the farmers who produce it.
It's such a great concept and something that takes us back in the right direction to appreciating agriculture and the men and women who produce it.
You'll find great local foods and can trust that the market committee strictly regulates what can and cannot be sold based on where they are produced.
Not overpriced by any means because the food is totally worth it and tastes amazing, but bring lots of cash.
The produce is of impeccable quality.
The produce is so fresh there is no comparison to grocery store fruits/vegetables.
Local & organic!
My mom and I get up early every Saturday to stock up on the freshest, most local produce.
The produce is outstanding, the fresh flowers are beautiful, and the other local food items -- cheese, honey, yogurt, etc. are all delicious!
Everything I bought was consumed immediately by my husband and myself, and we both agree that cooking with fresh veggies is unbeatable!
Prices are similar to the local grocery stores, but this produce looks and tastes better.
They looked amazing, and by the line, must have tasted amazing also.
Not only produce, but fresh made crepes, yummy grilled cheese, and one thing that I think about often-Apple Cider.
Now, I am not one to love apple cider, but this one in particular was sooooo delicious.
This market is known for its organic selection of produce, which is pretty cool for those who are solely organic eaters.
It is always nice to get some fresh grown local produce!
I'm not an "organic" kinda girl, but I do enjoy buying locally.
I like to see the freshness of the products for sale, and the farmers themselves selling the products.
I wouldn't say its the cheapest place in the city to get produce, but if you have a few extra bucks to spend on a vegetable for dinner, it's nice to give the sale to the little guy who grows organic.
This is the greatest way to buy produce in the world.
We also get peaches and strawberries for delicious smoothies.
While waiting (it's a good 15-20 minute wait) I tried some cheese samples and stared and drooled over the fresh produce and fruits.
Next, boyfriend got a delicious JUICY cheeseburger and I got a peach gelette and cherry/apricot crisp.
Mainly because I find them a bit too pricey for my blood, but they certainly smell delicious.
You'll be guaranteed fresh, local, deliciousness in every bite as well.
Sure, some things are a bit pricey here, but it's still cheaper & fresher then you'll find at Whole Foods.
I bought some organic apples and received a huge canvas bag complimentary!
Everything is fresh and home grown!
They have a lot of organic foods which can be hard to find sometimes.
It has awesome veggies!
But I have personally experienced the better quality of the peaches, nectarines, plums, tomatoes, and asparagus.
All the produce was tasty, fresh, and kept well.
The quality of the foods is of a high standard.
