Nice little farm store here.
The pizza night is very kid-friendly, more so a hang out place for families than having a nice dinner for two.
Overall, the pizzas were very good but the pricing is a little much and the limited amount makes going here a little risky (just be there early).
The different tents with the different drinks was a treat even with the rain. --update--Heritage Prairie Farms has copy/pasted the same generic message to a lot of people today who wrote non-positive reviews about yesterday's event.
Maybe they do have people coming to their defense, in which case, that's great--and different than my observations, which is also great; it's entirely possible that what i saw and heard from others (unsolicited over-hearing in the line) was with limited exposure.I have nothing against these folks and hope they figure out who they want to be and how they choose to operate, and how to set expectations with others while providing appropriate wayfinding and well-designed services.
Enjoy!--This would and could probably be great.
We watched kids getting yelled at for playing near a tree or in the parking lot, and we heard plenty of conversations about how others were treated poorly on the way in.
Sad people don't realize that google can trace a number. **People attempted to write reviews like this on the Facebook Page for Heritage Prairie Farms bUt Heritage Prairie Farms DELETED EVERYONES POST, in response their explanation on what/why happened today when people arrived at 4:20pm or later today***** Tried to attend pizza night- got there 10 min early and was told we could not enter the parking lot early, decided to park on a side street that was listed available parking and got yelled at by a Heritage Prairie worker so we moved to wait down another street.
They are trying WAY too hard to make their overpriced average wood fired pizza a "novelty" by being jerks to the people who arrive early to play on the farm with their families.
Poor customer service-poor business model- trying to be the trendy "farm to table" when really they are rude and pathetic.
Way more fun than eating in a stuffy farm of people trying to hop on the "farm to table"train.
Thankfully, the grounds are great for strolling and we indulged in some beverages.Precisely 120 minutes later, our pizzas were all we had hoped they would be.
The beautiful grounds, professional team members, fun activities, scrumptious food and drink (the best we've ever had!) were all beyond spectacular!
Pizza night is a classic community event.
Great pies, music and service and I always run into old friends.
Had a blast at pizza night, food was awesome staff was great.
It was crazy crowded but staff was friendly and helpful.
Watched a great band and drank some good beer while we waited so it was no big deal.
Great vibe.
The service was kind and friendly and they had a great local band.
My family and I had a great time on Pizza night.
Staff was super friendly and site was clean.
Little farm animals = Cuteness overload!Little human kids = Pardon me while I get this noose fitted 'round my neck and properly secure it to one of these majestic, romantically lit trees.Seriously, I think this is where every city and nearby suburban family brings their offspring to freak the fuck out.
Parents sit on the sidelines sipping suds while little Timmy and Sally scream, cry, put their grubby hands all over items in the Market, break shit, push each other and attempt to invade my personal bubble...
You gotta realize that this is a family-friendly place, so it's expected.
I think I've found just the way to deal with that little [human kids] drawback.
This was my dream wedding, and the wonderful staff at HP made my dream wedding a reality.
I had no idea that this place had the means to make such great food.
Over priced, and seems like price gouging to me.
Chuck roast at $14 a lbs seems way over priced simply because it's grass fed.
Why we can get grass fed just about anywhere now at a much cheaper price.
Our guests are still talking about the beautiful and ridiculously delicious dishes chef Brett prepared for the wedding as well as the elegant space and beyond-friendly staff.
Parking was a snap.
We were early, but we easily found parking and walked toward the barn where the ceremony would take place.
Once inside, it didn't feel like a tent at all but rather like a grand reception area.
If I had to find something I didn't love, it was that our table was right next to a speaker and while that was awesome for hearing the speeches (which were so heartfelt and wonderful), it was a bit uncomfortable once the music started.
They make you feel like you are the only wedding, and not like you are part of a place that just pumps out weddings every weekend.The food and cocktails were outstanding as well!
We were pretty much given free range to customize the menu any way that we liked, which was nice.
They clearly need some training on customer service, as well as an overhaul on the staff.
I will not go back to support this local business.
We brought a blanket and were prepared for the crowd.
I am a very forgiving person, but the poor attitude of the staff KILLED it for me!
It takes about an hour to make (the place was filled with people ordering pizzas).The pizza was so good.
It's actually a really small farm but it's absolutely lovely.
Fields take up half of the property, while the farmhouse, a barn, an outdoor eating patio, a grassy yard, a ceremony area (for weddings), a beautiful event tent, and parking covers the rest.
And a family had taken over.
Finally, tucked in one corner is a little fenced area for a goat and donkey.
It's peaceful and romantic (it's a popular wedding spot), yet very family friendly.
Normally, places overrun with children kind of irk me, but I barely noticed them here.
YUM.Everyone at the farm was so friendly and knowledgeable.
When we didn't have a chance to eat dinner that night (which is a crime because HPF food is SO good), the staff made us a bag to go, which we inhaled later that night.
Everything looked great until we began reviewing the contract.
We decided to go elsewhere because our concerns were so great.
It was an expensive learning lesson.
When we got married back in 2014, it was also much more reasonably priced and flexible than many other similar venues we considered.
Well we arrived a 100 feet from the entrance at 4:44PM and the parking lot was already full.
Seems geared primarily to families with small kids.
But even the kids start to fall apart with that kind of wait. $$$ Farm, Pizza, Drinks, Magic, Music, Yum!Heritage Prairie Farm is a wonderful escape from the conventional restaurants of the burbs.
The beet pizza is unique and was great to try but I would easily pick the pesto over it.The farm has a nice vibe to it, there are veggies everywhere, a few animals, a bunch of places to sit and relax, and a nice fire pit.
Adorable setting and incredibly staff?
We wanted to incorporate lots of time outdoors, a fun atmosphere for kids, great food - and this venue took into account all of those things.
My husband is an artist and I'm a designer; we made a lot of things complicated for our wedding (antique headboard stawbale lounges, a custom built cigar bar, etc.), and Jennie welcomed our creativity, contributing solutions and assistance in pulling our ideas off every step of the way.
We didn't meet Brian in person (bar manager) until wedding day, but he too did a great job working with our [at that point, leftover] budget to put together a decent bar package.
And it's great to be able to say this about the place where we had our wedding! #win We've been to two weddings here and they do a really nice job.
The food is actually outstanding for wedding food, it's served family style.
Nice and cute little farm.
We will always have great memories of the farm and the staff who make it a special place.
Such a fun thing to get out of the routine of doing the same thing!
The pizza is amazing, the building and farm itself is so quaint, and the staff is so friendly.
Perfect date night or night out with the family!
However, when we asked our friends and family, they were unaware that the spirits or wine were offered.
I thought your staff would look at what was stated in the contract, and provide that.
I could write about how beautiful the farm is (IT'S GORGEOUS), how cute the animals are (THE CUTEST), how good the food is (NOM NOM NOM) but I wanted to say that the staff here is top notch.
The best actually.Everyone is so friendly and go above and beyond to help us with any questions or issues that may come up.
We've spoken with farmers, chefs, event planners, bar staff etc.
They are all wonderful people.
Additionally, the little store they have on the farm is wonderful.
Lots of great veggies for sale too.
They didn't serve the liquor we agreed upon, but they did serve an equivalent, and in some eyes maybe even an upgrade at the same price.
It basically took two hours to serve three courses (served family style).
There was a huge crowd, probably because it was a beautiful evening.
Family-friendly.
This is actually pretty rare that a venue will let you get creative and custom-design food / drink menus (and in my case, price out the many different hypothetical menus you inquire about) and this was truly fantastic, as my south side Italian family takes their cocktails very seriously, so it's amazing that we were able to have a drink package that made everyone happy without going over our budget.
It was a bit more expensive than we were looking for when we were venue-hunting, but it was WELL, WELL worth it.
I couldn't get hold of him by phone, so I emailed saying that we would be out there on Thursday, and we could meet with someone at that time if it was convenient, and his response was pretty much "Hey, that's great.
We did some quick math after meeting with him, though, and figured that bottom-of-the-barrel cost for us to have a wedding there with 120 guests would be well over $20,000 (this would be the "Coors Light" type package price, the wedding we would have wanted probably would have pushed $30K), and out of our price range.
So, here's the thing with the farm dinner:#1, it was expensive.
So we figured the dinner was going to be great, too.
The food was served family style, and we did have a lot of fun mingling with the other diners at our table.
So, in conclusion: The place is awesome, but the farm dinner stinks and was way overpriced.
Nifty place for events.
We went for the Family Farmed Harvest Dinner and it is just a fun place to gather and eat.
Support family farms - don't pass this place up!
This place is not only the most beautiful, pastoral venue, but the staff here is as great as you can get.
I was there for a wedding in 2013 -- an incredibly fun night filled with great food and perfect service from everyone -- but it was the end of the night that really blew me away.
The people who swarm there must be really desperate for their kids to see a farm because I can't believe they could not notice how ridiculously skimpy they are with ingredients and incredibly over-priced!!!!!
I was very impressed with the great service and friendly staff that was helping out with the wedding.
The coffee was great.
The food was unique and amazing, the staff was kind, helpful, and super responsive.
Their standards have definitely slipped since they opened but their prices have not.
This would be a great place to buy little gifts for people who appreciate gourmet/organic food.
