Appetizer of pickled cucumbers onions cherry tomatoes and more.
Our table enjoyed the Peaches and Cream as well as the Strawberry/Blueberry.
The Red Farm pizza had Italian sausage, pepperoni, pickled red onions, mozzarella, shaved parmesan, and a tomato sauce.
I had the green farm with plenty of obscure veggies and my husband had the red farm.
The selection changes a bit depending on what's available that week.
We got Traditional with tomato sauce, mozzarella and basil; Drop the Beet with beets and goat cheese (I think beets taste like dirt.
I drank peach kombucha from Madison, Wisconsin, and perused the farm shop for their vegan soups, and fresh-plucked veggie.
Not only did he make a Mac and cheese recipe we requested, but he also went along with our requests for bread and cheese from outside vendors.
Our Moscow Mules were essentially un-drinkable, the bartender either did not know how or could not make well mixed drinks (and we stocked the bar with the best spirits) and worst of all, we ordered many kegs of beer but I didn't see the varieties advertised anywhere.
We even found a little pumpkin patch with some huge pumpkins on the vine.
The store has a good selection of several different kinds of flavored honey (with samples).
That said, here are some things to keep in mind if you are making a selection for your dream wedding:The best things about this venue:-they set up a tasting for you couples early in the wedding season so you can try the farm's fare - take advantage of this-an overall beautiful setting and venue - and it keeps getting better as they upgrade landscaping, the tent, etc.-tons of amazing places to take pictures-great food (we received lots of compliments)-the staff is totally willing to work with reputable vendors-the staff is truly willing to work with you to make any of your crazy whims happen (and we had lots of them, some at the last minute)Things you should know:-Be in tune with the pricing structure-The food comes as a long family style affair which doesn't really work for the bride and groom who need to visit - you might want to consider asking for a plated dinner prior to the day of-If you have a bigger wedding, make sure you have considered enough stations for dessert, etc. so as not to have lines My husband and I got married at Heritage Prairie Farm in August as well, and ditto all of Karis F's sentiments (review below)!TOP-NOTCH venue, staff & service.
We had a wide variety of cultures and culinary palettes to please, from vegetarians to serious foodies to people who don't like "fancy food."
The drinks were great, and Charles, the bar manager, endured my many, many emails and questions as we attempted to create a bar package that had options that our guests would enjoy but was also within our budget.
On the plus side, I think it's a great farm that is trying really hard to do a good job, but they are just not quite there yet with everything that they are trying to do, particularly with their farm dinners.
I ended up buying home made lip balm, some goat cheese that was to die for, as well as some crackers and cherry tomatoes.
Stopped into the store last weekend - they have an interesting selection of locally produced items (salsas, pasta and sauces, cheese, eggs, butter, etc) plus produce grown right on the farm (apparently in greenhouses since there was snow on the ground!).
