Not only did they do it, they were able to accommodate gluten free guests as well, and I had several of my traditional, meat eating guests come up to me and say that it was the best wedding food they've ever had.Not only was the food delicious, but the whole facility runs like a well oiled machine.
Had delicious dinner roles and corn bread muffins as we sat down.
The BBQ pizza had smoked pork, coleslaw, cilantro, chihuahua cheese (white cheese that tastes like cheddar), and of course bbq sauce.
Today, a lot of people wrote 5 star reviews and they're back to a 4 star cumulative rating.
There may have been 140 folk in the tent but at that price I expect fresh plate and even (as every country except USA does) fresh silverware from meat to fish.
Delicious food and beautiful atmosphere.
They have an awesome store too!
The pizza was amazing - best I've ever had and truly farm to table with high quality ingredients.
It highlights their fresh, local ingredients atop perfectly cooked crust.
The veg-heads who like that sorta thing said it was great, so you'll have to take their word for it.); Pesto with fresh pesto sauce, feta and zucchini (this was my favorite and I'd like to try it with chicken next time); and a Build-Your-Own with zucchini and goat cheese.
I bought two of their fresh, ginormous chocolate chip cookies and a glass bear jar full of Bron's Bees mint honey.While waiting, which took a while because each pizza is made fresh, we watched the magician distract (um, I mean entertain) the children for a bit, listened to some live music, and I took the opportunity to pet the donkey and goat that hang out together in a pen near the Market.Our group sipped goat milk lattes as we lounged on a Yelp tablecloth and soaked up the last rays of sunshine that evening.
Peaceful, relaxing, beautiful atmosphere, family friendly but still romantic, fresh fruit falling from the trees, delicious, fresh as can possibly be pizza and ingredients, farmhouse cocktails and more.
The pizza was some of the best I've ever had, the beer was local, the wine was organic, the bourbon cocktails with gingerale and homemade raspberry preserves, or sweet tea vodka with lemonade made from real lemons were the truth.
The food was amazing, and my friends and family kept commenting on how it was the best food they have ever tasted at a wedding.
My favorite bite was a fried chicken bite with a lightly sweet sauce and micro greens.
Dinner was quite delicious!
It was served family style and we tasted things like focaccia with a honey butter (not necessarily a match made in heaven, but independently both were scrumptious!), a field green salad with candied walnuts, panzanella salad, now tie pasta with pesto, amazing herb grilled chicken with rustic potatoes and carrots and a BBQ Berkshire pork.
Everyone raved about the food and the bourbon apple cider was to die for!
The pizza is made in their barn-house brick oven and uses fresh and organic local ingredients -- some from the farm, and some from other places.
SO FRESH.
The magician didn't do anything awesome while we were there, but he did manage to entertain the children (oh my gosh, so many children) pretty well with some hypnotic spinning thing.
They also have some vegetables and meats for sale, along with books and gardening tools.
During our planning sessions Melisa (who is the BEST) would take extra side notes to make sure our family was also accommodated throughout the night.
I put $2500 for a deposit and then had to give another $2500 before tasting the food.
Inside the shop there are are a few other things for sale including; honey, goat milk, veggies and a few treats, including a s'more/brownie mash-up which was amazing!
There are so many wonderful things making for a wonderful evening.
Customized food menus to reflect your taste?
So many people commented on how good everything tasted and how original the dishes were.
The first course was the tastiest - biscuits and gravy - but was only big enough for everyone at the table to have two bites.
Pizza quality was OK.
Organic ingredients, which is great, and nicely spiced.
The food was outstanding - even better than it was at the tasting (and it was good at the tasting) - Chef Brett really kicked some butt.
Good thing the menu sounded so good.
Although there wasn't really enough for everyone, at least they tasted good.
But it just did not taste good.
Then another salad with pine nuts that was just blah, then polenta with eggplant (I love both of those ingredients, but I couldn't stomach more than a couple bites of this--again, just not good!), then onto pork for the omnivores (BF said it was dry) and a pile of burnt turnips for the vegetarians (really?!), and to top it all off a peach cobbler (mmmmm!) that unfortunately had practically no peaches and instead tasted like a wet gingerbread cookie (awwww!).Quantity-wise, they served a lot of food.
However, they earn more than just one star because they still are an awesome local farm, and deserve a visit (either at their cute Elburn farm store or at the Green City Market) when you want to buy fresh local honey, veggies, eggs, and meat.
The store was an added bonus to all the amazing food that was being served- all home grown, and no preservatives.
The store had a lot of honey jars and fresh veggies and fresh coffee.
The milk was all fresh, as well as the veggies.
Everything was delicious.
Don't come here if you expect to find farmers market quality vegetables.
They had samples out and I tried a ginger snap and some candied nuts that were delicious.
I bought a tomato/basil/garlic cheddar cheese that was really tasty, and the owner gave me a handmade caramel on the house that was to die for!
It's expensive so as much as I'd like to buy local produce, I won't be shopping here often, but I will stop in to grab treats now and then!
