People left the workday woes at home and had big smiles on their faces.
Other vendors like Crazy Dogs were working hard and added a nice option especially for the kiddies.
What more do you want on a summer night...beautiful weather, a margarita in hand, live music, and people smiling!
Plenty of people, food vendors, and miscellaneous other tents/vendors.
Tonight I noticed some new food vendors: a few BBQ places/trucks, a French place, perogie tent, hot dog stand, crave ice cream bar truck, empanadas van, Kings and Convicts, etc. it was wonderful to see new options.
The parking still the same- mostly street, a few public lots, etc. read the street signs carefully!Now, the market is not necessarily a place to come for a quick take out or in you're in a hurry.
Fun time in our awesome little city.
All the local people are out with their food and drink.
Tonight I found 3 tables for a completely crowded park.
Positives: Live music was great!
Although parking can be a hassle to find, especially during rush hour.
There was a lot of beer venders, local restaurants, local shops, tons of people and a live band.
We've been bringing blankets and just picnicking, but a lot of people bring chairs, which we should probably do.
On cooler nights, it's CROWDED, so be prepared to be leisurely.
It's a fun part of the neighborhood, and definitely adds to Highwood's small town appeal.
Throw a gazebo in the middle of it all with live music and a few good friends and it's hard not to have a great time.
Our block party here in town had great music, but that's about where the comparison ends b/c Highwood just seems to have excellent local restaurants that are always willing to participate in events such as the evening market.
This is a great place to grab a bite to eat, have a couple of cocktails and listen to some live music on a Wednesday night.
It is like no other small community on the North Shore.
Now that all being said, this was very awesome and fun!
It was packed and there are a bunch of restaurants that were full so parking is hard to find but don't let it discourage you.
And not much parking with all the restuarants close by, It's not really a farmer's market.
After walking around the place, I even asked a vendor if there was a place I could buy tomatoes or zucchini and such, and he said no.
What's so convenient is the chairs already set up for the band that plays in the gazebo, and other bar-high tables scattered around, and even some small tables.
So unlike other suburban music nights, you don't have to bring a blanket or your own chairs to sit on.
The music was good, and the lights strung between the trees makes it look so festive.
I think it's a great place to go with a few people for a Wed. night dinner because everyone can get what they want, and even go back for seconds.
