After two decades of driving past and thinking that it was just a few cows and a barn, I have finally discovered what a treasure trove this place is for parents with small children.
It's amazing to see a real farm in the middle of suburbia.
There's plenty to keep kids busy, and it was a great deal and value to enjoy this event.
This is a really cute farm to have in the suburbs and ideal for (supervised) children.
There's not a WHOLE lot to see, but if you're with a kid who loves animals, it's fantastic.
Wagner Farm is a hidden gem in Glenview that has free parking and admission.There are horses, pigs, sheep, chickens, cows, and more to see up close.
There isn't an abundance of animals on the farm, but it's plenty to get that farm experience right in the burbs.You'll also see that there are community farming plots being tended to with vegetables and fruit being grown by members of the community.If you have young kids, there is an indoor play area that allows kids to play in a small silo, chalk up a cow, play make believe with toy chicken eggs, and more.Still not enough to convince you?
Yup, they have just the thing to cool you down in the summer.There are plenty of benches, tables, and grass to have a small picnic or just run around.
Definitely a great place to take the family or just walk around and soak in the sun and animals.
It's awesome farm love the place with beautiful animals just white horses keep attack new black horses sad to see it you can see marks on horses by the bites I know all animals are territorial but these horses need protection Fun and educational place to take little ones.
There are also some friendly cats that roam the grounds.
There are plenty of picnic tables ( kid size) to pack a lunch and enjoy nature and the animals around you.
There's plenty of parking And the entrance is free.
There is also colored chalk to draw on the fake cow a carriage and little stores that show the old price of produce.
Kids of different ages will enjoy this place and did I mention it's all free?Update: There is now a ice cream shop inside the museum.
A nice place to take the kids after visiting all the animals.
Prices are reasonable and it's pretty good!
It wasn't as busy or crowded like the regular zoo's either so thats a plus.Yes there aren't too many animals here, but it's still quite nice.
The best part is the spacious parking lot, and you don't have to pay a dime for admissions completely free!
They also have an old fashion little ice cream parlor where they make there own homemade ice cream and it's delicious and very reasonable priced.
I researched online before bringing my family out.
The kids did like seeing the cows, pumpkins, and chickens.
Free admission/parking...great!
And it's great because he got a lot of personal time with these animals and an upfront and personal experience with them, which I don't feel like you get at the zoo.
Great place!
On three separate incidents the staff was overtly rude.
Lastly, two staff members were visibly annoyed that my son was standing in their way on a sidewalk.
If your staff hates/finds children and tourist annoying, then maybe they shouldn't be working in a place where the public is invited to visit.
The place is otherwise good for small children and conveniently close to the city.
Today, we made it our priority to stop and walk around.Our little girl loves animals (what little kid doesn't?), however, she got pretty scared from the cows!
I don't think we will come back, but it was great to visit and see a lot of those animals close up.For the basic information: there is parking right across the street, it's at the corner of Wagner and Lake on the edge of Glenview/Wilmette, and you can't go into the fields where the animals are grazing (for obvious reasons).
Nice place for kids to see animals and burn off a little energy.
Lots of parking and can't beat the price (free).
Not a destination but recommend if in area for kids.
Nice place to bring little kids to see the tractors and animals.
The place smells like it supposed to smell... village...Basically the place is better for kids than for adults, but was interesting anyway.The museum is about 8 years but it is equipped with many ancient things.
It has great little store, where you are able to buy something funny just for memory.
The lady at the museum was so friendly.
Except cows and horses you can see the little place, where various of organic apples and pumpkins are available for funny prices.
If you feel tired of everyday life, full of stress and emotionally tired of city life, take a little pleasant trip and have fresh air and fun!
It is true that it is not an all day activity, more like two or three hours at most, but that is perfect when you are trying to entertain little kids that need naps.My kids love everything here.
The first thing I see is muddy teenage girls walking sheep like dogs, good sign.
Music, good mix of shop and non-shop vendors, I.e. get your Foodstuff goods and also buy from Farmer Harold.
Prices are reasonable but no steal deals that I noticed.
There is parking for the market, and spill over parking at the Greek Orthodox church lot.
The street the market is on can be pretty busy so be careful.
But, as others have noted, the prices tend to be a bit high.
Great thing is that it's on Saturday, and usually the Sunday farmer's market (like in Skokie) has the same vendors with day-old goods.If you have little kids, this is a great place to come because it is across the street from Wagner Farm.
It's a great place to take the kids if you want to get them out of the house and not spend any money (admission is free).
Wagner Farm is a great place to take kids to kill a couple hours.
Inside they have a cute play area for kids.
Free parking, free admission.
The workers/volunteers on the farm are there to do a job and are not always the friendliest bunch.
All in all... it's a fun place to visit!
Great place!
This place is run by very sweet and kind people.
Fun place!
They also have fun small events.
The whole place is very kid friendly!
Upon entering through the parking lot in front, it didn't really seem like a lot to do.
There's also an old-fashioned store, complete with a non-digital cash register that my kids were fascinated with, as numbers popped up on top with the punch of a button.
My kids especially enjoyed scraping little seeds off of the brush-like ends of broom corn to make little whisk brooms.
We got to take those home too.There's a little gift shop and snack bar alongside in the main building.Outside, there's a small barn with geese, chickens and some goats.
At $1 a pound, they were even better than farmer's market prices.
Why not do it on a weekday when it isn't crowded w people.
When we walked across the field to see the horses the women who cared for them acted inconvenienced, and rude, angrily yelling at a little girl running up to pet them.
A true gem in glenview's heart my kids enjoy every single moment of their visits also has free and accesible parking ice cream shoppe inside building I love to swing on the tree in the middle of the farm and feel the breeze oh childhood memories also they have picnic tables great place to a nice family time Be warned: this is not a petting zoo.
It is an 18.6 acre working dairy farm that's been restored to approximate what an American dairy farm would look like circa 1920.It's owned and operated by the Glenview Park District, since the last of the Wagner family died in 1997.The farm has free public visitation hours (M-Sat. 9-5, Sun. 9-3).
It's free, it's fun for kids and the staff was friendly.
Great way to entertain the little ones for a few hours.
I chaperoned for my daughters field trip here and I thought it was pretty cute.
The farm is pretty small so it's good for small kids.
They had a little discussion where they talked to the kids about butter and how it's made.
Then they passed around small jars of cream and allowed the kids to shake them to help turn the cream into butter.
Of course my daughter dropped the jar and it broke everywhere but the staff was nice and didn't make us feel bad about it.
They also let the kids taste the butter they made on a graham cracker-my daughter wasn't crazy about that though.Overall it was a cute little trip that took about 3 1/2 hours from door to door (leaving from the city and including eating your own sack lunch there.)
We came here on a Family night where they had smores and storytime for free!
What a fun location and the best part was it was all free (I believe that you pay when the kids are 2+ but adults were free and our son was too little to have to pay).
Definitely a fun family destination for an afternoon.
Bringing a group of kids and watching them pump water, grind corn, and feed hens is really a blast.
The staff is very friendly and gave the kids a bunch of great information about the cows.
Meeting local businesses and small crafts men and women is a plus.
The kids like meeting the animals that are brought in from the Farm across the street.
Easy parking in the lot and at times the boys scouts are ready to help with bringing your packages to the car.
Its a great place to spend the day with young children and unless there is a special event its free.
Wonderful kid friendly place that was so generously given to the community by the Wagner family.
Has indoor interactive center that is great for children on a wet or cold day.
No super great deals here either.
But lots of fun and very friendly people! not really a lot of farmers selling stuff. 2 or 3 booths selling produce at grocery store prices and a bunch of booths from local glenview businesses like foodstuffs. unfortunate, i live right by there and would happily go every weekend if it was better We (3 adults) came here for the first time this past Saturday after having driven by for years and thought it was so nice, and a lovely respite from the city.
The cows are cool and seem used to people and small children.
There were 2 piglets (Casper and Pumpkin) that were too cute and very warm as they were rolling around in the mud.
