You can tell there is a great market manager behind a great market like this.If you see her, say hi and tell her what a good job she does to make it a great place to go on Sundays.
Terrific people.
Just wish there was even more to choose from, but it's a great place to support local growers!
Lovely farmers market with great vendors friendly people, kids and dogs, Coffee, crepes, tamales, fruits, vegetables, pasta, honey, and much more.
A lot of the side streets around the park are no parking zones, and the two lots belonging to the park were full.
Yes, it's on the small side, but for a neighborhood market, it was pretty perfect.
The park itself is a lovely venue and the layout of the market keeps everything spaced to the point that even with a crowd, it never feels too crowded.
This is truly the epitome of what I feel a neighborhood market should be!
Area musicians have made this an interesting folk music venue worth taking a look.
Some are businesses have made it into the mix, including belly dancing, yoga, knife-sharpening & the Urban Worm Girl.As a neighborhood guy it's always a pleasant place to encounter neighbors and get stocked-up on fresh veggies and fruit for the week.
My wife and I get the waffles or tamales every time for brunch (depending on if we're in the mood for sweet or savory).It may be small, but it used to be even smaller, and it only seems to be growing now.
Sure, you can't get everything you need there, but you can get a lot of diverse foods and support local growers and suppliers!Plenty of street parking on Hamlin and down on Byron too!
Otherwise, our family's must-visits outside of the farmers include Stivers Coffee, pain au chocolat from the French nun, Delightful Pastries and yummy soap from Big City Suds.This has become the Sunday morning destination for the West Walker/Independence Park/Old Irving Park set.
The playground is crowded with parents and toddlers while older kids go zipping around the track on bikes and scooters.
Even the tacit tension between neighborhood DINKs and parents is at bay during the Independence Park Farmers' Market.
This is our first summer in the neighborhood, and I am really glad this farmers market is a community resource.
I love taking our dog here and chatting with neighborhood folks, everyone is really friendly.
Last year it was quite small and we opted for the larger Logan Square market instead even though we live in the neighborhood.
