This place has the best apple picking selections and it's so easy to navigate!
The store sells delicious apple cider, apple cider donuts, jams, jellies, honey, fall decor and every other kind of thing you could need to get that fall fix.
They make their own apple cider, hard cider, and wine!
They also have a corn maze, but that's not really my thing.Apple varieties are good, and they also sell pumpkins when in season.
They also have pretty good donuts, and apple cider slushees.
Apple Picking-Apple were really fresh and ripe.
When we went back after all the activities we got honey, more donuts, apple cider, apple butter, and raspberry select preserves.Cider House-Go there earlier in the morning.
The best apple orchard, pumpkin patch that I have ever been to.
I also bought a $5 pumpkin, a small one, but it should be perfect for cooking, apple cider and a slice of delicious pumpkin pie.
They sell donuts, taffy apples, nachos, grassed beef burgers, apple cider slushies.
The apple cider donuts are consistently the best I've ever had.
They have a trailer that takes you to the pumpkin launcher and the pumpkin patch.
I look forward to apple cider donuts and these are really scrumptious!
Plus the store has lots of different varieties bagged and ready to go.
Play areas for kids, cider doughnuts, a pumpkin patch, corn maze, several dozens of rows of apple trees, and best of all, apple wine tasting.
They have a wide variety of apples that they grow and depending on the time, certain apples would be available.
They also make their own variety of apple wines and just this year, they started to sell their own hard cider.
I really enjoyed the free hayride out to the pumpkin patch and the free wheelbarrows to help bring back the pumpkins.
There was a great selection out in the patch...and again you dont have to pay to go out there.i LOVE that they accept credit/debit everywhere.
T apple cider was tasty.
My daughter also went gaga over the pony rides.They have a great store with some delicious honey, jams, pies, apple cider, and of course - their famous apple donuts which are the best apple donuts that I have ever had.
We got a tour of the grounds, which include an apple launcher, the apple orchard, haunted corn maze, and pick your own pumpkin patch.
Not a great selection of apples, but the kids had fun and I really just wanted a few pics of them picking the apples.
Donuts were yummy, as were the apple dumpling and apple muffins.
Best time to go is on October, more selection of apples to choose from.
They have a good amount of things in general store, I recommend the apple slushy, donuts, and dumpling.
It is a huge plus to have the option but not feel like you have to because you paid for it.
Maybe picking apples yourself is out of style, because they have an assortment of pre-bagged apples that you can buy inside the store.
Also in the store is where you can buy cider, donuts, taffy apples, basically anything that is associated with fall and apple orchards.
Even with the hawk-like guards over the roped-off rows, we managed to swipe some apples from those areas, because the other rows had nothing available.
The general store has nicknack's, jams, pies, pre-bagged apples, fudge, taffy apples, and more.
We left with apples only and drove to Kuiper's Family Orchard and spent another $55 on cider, donuts, apple pie, candy corn, caramel apples, and other gourmet food.
Apples: Most of the rows were practically stripped naked of apples.
We frequently drop in to stock up on caramel apples, doughnuts, fudge, cider, and apple wine.
We're headed to Edward's Apple Orchard for a warm donut and our fall apple needs!
Restrictions on every variety of applies you walked into.
When I 'accidentally' ventured into a good area for picking; I was quickly intercepted by their apple Gestapo and escorted to a less fruitful area to insure maximum profits for the orchard.
So heading to the pumpkin patch to pick our very own pumpkins seemed like a great idea.My gang and I decided to make the trek from Chicago to Jonamac (approx 1.5 hours w/o traffic) because we were told "it's simply the best".
The apple slushy was probably my favorite because it was the perfect alternative to apple cider since it was an unseasonably warm day, but still fulfilled my apple cider craving.
The General Store also had fresh apple and pumpkin pie, apple donuts, and other delectable looking baked goods.
We had to buy FOUR $6 wristbands to take our toddler and 6-year old into the play area, and that wristband didn't cover other attractions like hayrides and the apple catapult and corn maze.
Plus, the adults can buy bottels of wine, apple ale and hard cider to enjoy later.
The apple donuts and apple cider slushy were delicious and the honey crisp apple wine was like a dream come true (the best of both worlds in a bottle) - I now wish I bought more than one bottle.
There are rows and rows of all sorts of apple varieties, pumpkins and other fruits and vegetables to pick.
They also have apple donuts, apple slush, apple dumplings, apples!, and so many other things.
We spend the day there picking apples, pumpkins, jump pillow, corn maze and of course the bakery where the apple slush, cider, donuts and pie are all taken home.The staff is great!
On the up side: the food was really good especially the cider slushy, apple donuts, and all of the apples I had.
Also, the staff at the apple cannon kept harassing my friend and little brother for their wearing Bears jackets (which they didn't really care, but just wanted to launch apples into pumpkins instead of being bothered).
Apple picking and sampling of fudge & fresh made donuts, etc. is a sweet treat...you can even borrow a wagon !
Oh, and today, they were practically out of apples!
