The farm play area here is cute with lots of things for kids to do.
It's a little smaller than others we've been to, but less expensive as well and we still have fun for hours.
Not just a you-pick farm, but they also have a store with knick-knacks and treats, a winery/cider house, and plenty of fun areas for families with kids.The whole appeal to choosing this apple orchard over the other, closer orchards was the Cider House.
I really want to come back again at the end of September when it cools off a little more, JO is a really nice farm with a lot to offer and a cool little getaway for the middle of the week.
Was it great!
Although we had a pretty windy day, we had so much fun!
The employees here were extremely helpful!
Overall, fun family orchard worth every dime!
They have such a cute cider house with their house wines, hard cider and wine slushees!!
Love this place for family fun.
It's a great place to go with kids or without kids!
The playground is free during the week, but it's also fun on the weekends when you can pay to pet animals or do the jumping pillow.
Got a little lost trying to find it since the entrance is on the other side.
Live a little ;).Corn Maze-It has a couple parts/sections that you complete separately.
Went through the corn maze which was pleasantly large enough to get lost in every now and then.
We actually went in without a map, which made it more fun.
Resist the urge to go through those "false paths" and you'll have more fun :).
There's also a play area, corn maze, jump pillow and petting barn for the kids.
The prices have risen in recent years, but they're still comparable if not better than other nearby places.
There was a small pumpkin patch (and pumpkins available near the store), a lunch truck (hot dogs, sausages, etc.), a place to sample and buy bottles of wine, and a TON of fun kids activities.
The grounds of the establishment are well manicured with bales of hay and baskets of flowers for great photo ops and resting places.
There's a cider house - pretty crowded, not our thing with a 2 year old, but everyone seemed to be having a great time tasting the wines and hard ciders.
There's a store (no samples, darn) with the usual farm and apple related items, and a very large kid's section with things to climb on, jump on, and pet.
So many fun things to do!
Fun for the entire family.
It's really nice that there's no admission fee like most places in Chicagoland.
The staff is great as well.
Thumps My first visit to Jonamac was Fall 2014 and I thought it was super cute.
But they had a couple of my faves that were ripe, the Braeburn and Fuji!They have activities for the kiddos and live music for ya'll to enjoy.
They're not super sweet like from other places, they definitely don't bathe them in tons of sugar.
Tips for us city folk: best to get there by 10am or 11am at the latest to beat not only car traffic (Eisenhower was a breeze, amazingly!), but people traffic.
It gets pretty darn crowded by noon.
Bathroom and donut lines are out the door!They accept cash and credit/debit cards!Go check out Jonamac this fall.
After researching about apple picking in the Chicago area I settled on Jonamac and I was not disappointed!The drive was about an hour and a half from Chicago, free parking and free admission to the orchard - just had to get a bag to put apples in.
I washed it down with some hot apple cider which was also delicious.The orchard has a corn maze, apple launcher, and lots of other children friendly activities.
Went on a Sunday around noon and was surprised that although it was busy, it didnt seem super crowded and we were able to enjoy everything.We did the apple picking and the cashier was very friendly.
I thought $13 was reasonable for the apples, esp since there wasnt an admission fee.They had the free apple wine tasting which was fun, but the girl seemed annoyed to be there and really didnt want to tell us about the wines.
Even at the make shift cashier station outside of the pumpkin patch, made it very easy.It was easy to get to off 88, parking was easy and it was a great atmosphere.
This is a really cute place!
It is very kid and family friendly, with lots of things for the children to climb on and play with.
They had some cheesy carnival spin thing that you walk through at the end that a lot of people were upset with because those make you super dizzy.
I work in retail and we are known for having excellent customer service at our stores, so this really grinds my gears when I see rude workers.
All in all it is a cute place for family fun, just bring a few bucks if you plan on going ;) When you go apple picking, they let you sample the different apples available for picking.
I refuse to support this place.
They have such a beautiful space with a fun corn maze to get lost in and with a great family friendly area.
We opted for lunch there although many other families brought their own picnic lunch and sprawled out on the grass.
Overall, a lovely family outing Holy crowds, Batman!
There were families upon families upon strollers upon heaps of kids, but thankfully enough, everyone there seemed as happy and excited as we did.Walking into the store, we were immediately hit with the permeating smell of freshly fried donuts - yum.
Half our party opted for pasties and the other half got chubbies. $6 for a slightly larger than normal hotdog is a little outrageous to me, but I'm sure it hit the spot.
I guess it's a good deal if you factor in the free wagon ride, but I would rather save the money and use my legs, especially on such a great day.I didn't think I would like Jonamac Orchard as much as I did, but our family agreed that this was a great destination orchard overall.
We might just be back later in the month to wait for The Great Pumpkin.
Nice place!
This is a fantastic place to bring little ones!
Employees are friendly and helpful, and the entire place is very clean, well-maintained and just really a pleasant place to spend a day.
Very family friendly yet laid back ambiance.
Try the apple bratwurst from the concessions area-- great flavor and cheap price.
Just a great experience all around for a good price!
This place is nice.
I would suggest that management who have a staff member take phots of patrons on big chair.
Reasonable prices on apple picking, yummy doughnuts, caramel apples, apple wine, etc.
I give it 1 star because they became another high price farm trying to nickel and dime you.
The employees are rude , disrespectful, and these are the corn cops and cashiers .
Used to be a great family farm , now a overpriced attraction dependent on city folk willing to pay high prices to feel "country". Corn maze was super fun.
They def cluster together a lot and gang up on people.
It's def not scary but still fun to go out with a group of friends.
There is a great play area for your kids though.
Kids under 2 are free, adults are 4 dollars. it also includes the petting zoo, which in my opinion could have been in a bigger area.
I should also mention that the grounds are not wheelchair friendly.
If you love screaming, unmanned children; high prices; sardine-like crowds; and can handle walking miles to find a row of highly over picked trees -- this is the place.
The place is under-staffed (so be prepared to stand in long, long, long, long packed lines), be greeted with grumpy/overworked staff, and then pay a small fortune for grocery store quality dented apples (because the u-pick sections are always over-picked and crowded with people.)Our kids love the corn maze and play area -- but you pay for admission which costs a small fortune if you have a large group.
But it's not worth the lines, crowds, screaming kids to go.
Especially in kids entertainment and the corn maze.
Kids entertainment: If you are looking for kids entertainment, this place excels.
1) A huge jumping pillow that can fit, like, 20 kids2) Pony rides3) Hay house 4) Petting zoo5) Tricycle races 6) Apple train (super adorable for the little kids)Even though it's $10 to get your kid in ($4 for the kid, $6 for the required accompanying adult), there is a lot for your child to do.
Great cider donuts (though not as good as those from Hicks Orchard back home in upstate NY) and friendly people.
Little fair/petting zoo for the kids though it looks like they charge an admission fee for maybe not a whole lot.Jonamac has a corn maze -- had never seen one of these in person before.
Big parking area for the maze and some sort of "train ride."
More parking at the store/bakery.If I were under 10 this place would be heaven!
As it stands, it was a beautiful drive, not foo far from home in Wheaton, nice scenery, good food, and a nostalgic reminder of childhood apple pickings past.One final note: they have a limited run of honeycrisp-only cider, and let me tell you as the proud owner of what used to be a half-gallon: it is GOOOOOooooOOOOD!
It had so many things the kids can do for decent package prices (went on boyscout weekend which was great because we received a discount for our boys being in the scouts) , bouncy floor, apple slingshot & apple rocket launchers! !!
Other thing that upset us is that in order to watch our kids inside the kids playground, we were told we had to pay $5/adult just to supervise our children, so we weren't allowed in (but had signs showing adults must supervise and it's free during weekdays?)
Would it kill you to put a smile on your face?
This is my 2nd year going.....Cute place!
The pumpkin patch at the end of the orchard is real cute.
We did not have to wait in line for them at all.A great place for kids!!!!
Wrist bands for unlimited jumping time and access to the petting zoo were great.
This was a much better value for the fun pick your pumpkin outing than we have had elsewhere.
The hay bale maze/climbing area was a hit - allergy kids may need benedryl that night.
Bring cash or use the entrance by the house if you want to use a credit card.
I spoke to Sherri that has No customer service skills whatsoever!
And then there is general ignorance; One family had their kids climbing the trees to get golden delicious and subsequently broke a huge branch because papa had to get his scardy-cat kid out of it.
The haunted corn maze is scary and fun!
They have a nice cafe, a cute barnyard play yard that is free on the weekdays but their customer service is very very poor.
Great place to take the kids.
The family pass was a great deal.
A fun place for kids with very nice and attentive staff.
The staff was helpful and immediately directed us to the back of the store where a lovely woman who's an RN and also the grandma of the family running the farm came and helped our young daughter.
Despite the incident, it was a fun afternoon! the apples are delicious and, if course, supremely fresh. but the hour-plus dive from the city and the SUPER EXPENSIVE apples ($13 per HALF peck) make it not worth the trip, unless you have small kids who like high priced pony rides and lukewarm cider. if you just want apples, Whole Foods is a better option, in my opinion.
It was crazy busy with kids running everywhere.... 9 Tips if you're bringing your family here:1.
Try to park closer to the entrance (right side when you get into the parking lot).
You get 2 adult admissions plus the kids (and they didn't limit the number of kids).
Plus the kids saw all the other kids on the jumping pillow or the barnyard and get jealous.5.
There were lots of people that brought blankets and hung out in the grass.
They fit exactly the same amount (we counted), but the larger bag costs twice as much.The playground was super fun for the kids, but for $10-- we could have gone to the playground much closer to Chicago.
Having been to others, I have to say this one was just ok when compared to similar places like Kuipers and Royal Oak.The one big perk going for it (in my eyes) is that it was less expensive.
I also wish there were a couple more "little kid" activities in the barnyard area.
It is a family owned, family centered business.
There are events geared towards kids, or the young at heart.
Not a lot of varieties (though more than many places) and not a lot of trees for how large a place this is.I can understand how awful this year has been for orchards, but prices are high compared to most other orchards I visit, and picking is limited pretty heavily.
They specifically forced you to pick the smallest and crappiest apples while the largest and best were taped off.
They even charge you for your kids to play in their play area with the Playskool plastic slides and swings.
Ridiculous lines again because they have two dimwit high school kids running the shop with several hundred people in it.
I ended up just sitting with several other dads (was with group) by the stage as the kids had their best fun throwing hay at each other.A wasted Saturday of waiting, waiting, and being gouged.
At least we beat a couple of twelve-year-olds who were hot on our trail.Everything is cheap or very reasonably priced, especially the pick-your-own pumpkins, they were 2 for $10!
That's right any size, you just have to carry your own (You get to take a tractor out to the patch).
Saw a few smart families that brought wagons and later found out you can borrow the pumpkin's wagons for free, there are just not too many of them.
Definitely a family-oriented place.
Besides all the activities I already mentioned there was a giant bouncy pillow that had me wishing I was ten again, a petting zoo, pony rides, and a "barnyard" area with lots of kid friendly activities.
There was also the apple launcher/shooter that allows kids of all age to shoot apples at targets at quite the speeds.
The only thing that wasn't available was the apple picking, but we did go pretty late in the season, but because of this Jonamac wasn't as crowded as I've heard it can be.All in all, a wonderful place to go with your friends or family/kids!
I talked incessantly about these donuts to my friends, my family and even strangers on the bus (yeah, that was me, sorry.)
Fun activities for the kids.
We bought a pie that was great, but it was expensive and we suspect the crust wasn't homemade.There's lots of stuff for kids to do, but the system of wristbands and 'apple tokens" is confusing and expensive.
The playground is a lot of fun for the kids, but isn't Jonamac raking it in on apples and $20 pies enough to let kids play in a silo full of corn for free?
Or at LEAST let their parents supervise them for free?It's not Six Flags, it's a playground.We'll probably never go here again, which is a shame because it used to really be a pretty great experience, and I'll miss the cider slushies.
I found this to be one of the cheaper places to take the kids for apple picking.
Love this place, I have been going to here for years, not to big nor small, the staff is friendly, and the supply's are delicious.
There plenty to do at this orcherd to keep the family busy, and the family n I love the corn maze, I say the best around I have to say that I am truly shocked that this place doesnt have 5 stars.
Prices are far less than a theme park and my family of 4 spend longer here and enjoy it far more!
Sure, it can get crowded, but nothing a little planning wont fix.
I expect this place to see big crowds because its amazing and only open for a short time.
That wont deter me from taking my family because their is a lot to learn from being on a functioning farm.
Some places are roped off and a very helpful ataff member explained to us that it ensures only the apples that are ready are consumed.
We went in the middle of the week so the crowds were non-existent.
The apple orchard was beautiful and the kids had a great time playing on the jumping pillow and in the kids activity area.
This was our first time apple picking so I felt that the prices were reasonable as I only had to buy one bag for picking instead of paying an individual entrance fee to get into the orchard.
Good maze, many activities, reasonable prices.
Also, making parent pay $5 to go into child area with their child seems a little ridiculous.
But, still a fun place and worth a drive.
The crowds are usually reasonable, and the crowds are small, and there are unique activities to amuse yourself with.
The apple shooting is also a great time - for a small fee, you get to shoot over ripe apples at targets and are rewarded with the most satisfying splats ever.
However, this place usually dies completely after Halloween.
They didn't even bother to put on the chipper apple-orchard music.
This is a convenient, fun spot if you happen to be in the neighborhood, but now that I live farther away, I wouldn't go out of my way to visit again. gala apples are tasty and staff is very friendly.prices are ridiculous . trees are small. flies swarm everywhere.
But don't get lost in the corn maze!Get your live music fix with the bluegrass bands setting the right soundtrack for the pickin'!Oh, and get there early if you go on a weekend.
This place is so cute.
The only con is that things do get a little pricey if you want everything in that little store :) There is also a pumpkin patch in the back for the little ones and the corn maze also runs in the day for those to afraid to go at night.
First and foremost, this place is only getting 5 stars because their bakery and homemade donuts are SCRUMPTIOUS!
MMMMmmmmmm!Besides, the apple orchard & bakery, they have a great play area for kids and a corn maze that'll rawk your socks off.
It's the most economical place for fall fun.
To be fair, most of the staff was relatively friendly.
It is a little confusing from the beginning because there is no flow to the place and the fees are super confusing with different types of wrist bands and tokens for this and that and the worker in the ticket booth wasn't really clear or nice either.
We ended up having to buy wrist bands for the corn maze, kids wristbands for the barn (a fenced in kids play area) and adult wristbands for the barn as well, even though all the adults are just standing around watching their kids.
Which is also fine, but most of them weren't especially helpful, friendly or inviting.
We are late-twenty's no kids, which means that most of what they offer isn't for us; however, it's still a great experience if you're looking for a great fall day.
For the kids they have a bouncy "pillow", pony rides, activity area etc.
They have always had a cute little petting zoo, pumpkin patch, hay & pony rides, and an adorable and fun 'country store'.
I have great memories of this place, and love to go back & feel like a kid!
Just a fun day & great for kids, and me.
You'll avoid the crowds and you'll have your picking done before most other people even get there.
Did I mention to get there early?We did the corn maze, which was fun.
It is a little confusing from the beginning because there is no flow to the place and the fees are super confusing with different types of wrist bands and tokens for this and that and the worker in the ticket booth wasn't really clear or nice either.
We ended up having to buy wrist bands for the corn maze, kids wristbands for the barn (a fenced in kids play area) and adult wristbands for the barn as well, even though all the adults are just standing around watching their kids.
Which is also fine, but most of them weren't especially helpful, friendly or inviting.
