A couple of wines really stood out to me and they even had a red wine blend that was surprisingly sweet for a red (it was a Zinfandel blend I think).
Also worth noting that both the caramel apple and donuts were delicious.
Note to the owners: Have the bartenders serve the hard cider flights at separate tables.
I am not paying $15 for 1/2 peck like 8 or less apples.
The apple is so juicy and wonderful.
There's also a nice store with delicious apple donuts and cider for your enjoyment.
PS the apples are delicious!
My boyfriend and I went to this orchard for the fist time and we bought their apple cider and apple donut which tastes really good.
They sell them fresh and warm and you'd be crazy not to buy at least a dozen!
I have yet to try the cider, so I'm hoping it tastes good!
They had some sweeter wines as well as a spiced wine, which would be perfect for mulled wine when it cools down even more.The best part though?
The haunted corn maze was very big, but not so haunted, which leads me to my negatives.Negatives: it is kind of pricy; $13 a person for the haunted corn maze which wasn't really haunted.
Apple cider slushee is the best and the donuts are amazing, especially when they are fresh and hot!
The apple donuts are delicious, and the lines (though insanely long on weekends) move fast.
The kids had an excellent time in the barnyard and we picked fresh apples to bring home.
We brought home a bushel of apples of 4-5 vareties and they're all delicious.
Haunted corn maze used to be awesome for such a long time , now they jump the price and have 8 workers "actors" trying to scare you.
(And good luck getting the corn "dust" from clothing, hair, etc.)
The only thing good I can say is that their cider is excellent (though you can buy their branded cider in a grocery store) and that their bakery items are tasty.
NOW PICKING: Jonagold, Empire, Northern Spy, Rome Beauty, SunCrisp, and Golden Delicious" (The "LOTS" is their capitalization).I'm sad to say that they did not have "LOTS" of apples for picking.
Corn maze: The corn maze itself is worth the trip out to Jonamac Orchard.
Apples are delicious :) we absolutely loved our time there.
The only downside was the fact that I had to give up my delicious hot apple cider to the many bees that were swarming me.
My only disappointment was the donuts were not the best but the kids didn't mind.
The donuts are delicious!
They also had good food and delicious apple cider + free apple / pumpkin wine tasting.
That being said, these apple cider donuts are delicious!!!
It was like concession stand food at a junior high or high school game. 7.
They were defrosted by the time we got home, and when popped in the oven for 2-3 min, they taste just as warm and fresh as those made that day.
The corn maze is fun (we didn't do the haunted corn maze tho!).
But here; they tape off the best ones so they can sell those to stores and leave the apple pickers with the worst ones.
I call that good customer service, making sure I only get the best apples.
Our group consisted of 8 ranging from ages 65 to 3 and we did everything but the corn maze.
We went out today and fortunately the golden delicious (my fav) were ready.
