I saw lots of corn, lot of potatoes, lots of tomatoes, apples, and pumpkins today.- Cheeses from Wisconsin!!
It's small, but has a nice variety of fresh vegetables and fruits.The prices may be a little more here than usual, but it's good to chat with the people growing and raising what I'm eating.
Check out their selection and variety:-Countless Seasonal and Locally-grown Vegetables & Fruits-Gorgeous Flowers (Sunflowers & Teddy Bear Flowers)-Cheeses-Jams & Preserves-Handcrafted Granola-Cage-free, Farm-fresh Eggs-Mushroom Varieties, plus Soy & Gluten-free Veggie Burger (River Valley Ranch from Burlington, WI)-Rolled & Flattened Pastas-Olive Oil Products (Soaps, Candles, Etc.)-Salsas, Hummus, and Gazpacho Soup (Salsas Vallarta off Elston)-Sweet and Savory Crepes (Flip Crepes)-Tasty Pastries (Delightful off Lawrence)-Soft Bread (Breadman Baking Co. from Naperville, IL)-Tomato Sauces (Tomato Mountain from Brooklyn, WI)-Organic Meats; Beef, Lamb, Veal, Pork, Goat (Mint Creek from Stelle, IL)-Cheese curds (Brunkow Cheese Co-Op from Darlington, WI)All this is accompanied with complimentary iced tea, iced coffee and hot coffee to cool you off or wake you up from our Austrian counterparts at Julius Meinl!Many of the tents accept the LINK Card as a form of payment which I had heard of but never thought would become a reality.
It forces me to try recipes and cook with whatever I pick up that day.Last night's bounty included some fragrant peaches that I will turn into a cobbler, some beautiful heirloom tomatoes that will be perfect for my Ravinia picnic this weekend, a loaf of foccacia bread, and some wild mushrooms that will make their way into risotto.There's also a stand from Angel Food Bakery; pizzas by nearby Pizza D.O.C., and crepes from Flip Crepes in addition to other vendors selling pies, organic meats and cheeses, and granola.
The one in Daley Plaza has some of the best deals on fresh cut flowers you can find in the city.
And some of the other non-produce boutique items like cheeses, baked goods or my favorite, the $7.00 per pound pastas are just priced way out of line.
The vendor called Lange Farms also has the worst produce I've ever seen.
Take a pass.Of course it's early, not all the usual vendors are not here, and most of the selections of plants and flowers, fresh herbs, and the baked goods and other gourmet foods.
You really don't have an excuse to not get your fruits and veggies anymore.Even though it was grey and cold today, all the vendors were cheerful.
Oh goodness, let's see, what did they have....there were two large vendors of fresh vegetables, a few smaller ones with fresh fruit, one or two vendors of fresh pastry and bread, flowers, a cheese stand, some jams/salsas/sauces....that's all I can remember!I got a beautiful, seed-rich, dense whole grain bread from the bread dude, some lovely peaches and blueberries that I'm nomming like crazy this week, gorgeous tomatoes, abundant squash, and this lovely red kale that a farmer lady recommended to me.
The seasonal produce is wonderful, and they have a great selection.
Stop asking for strawberries in August and tomatoes in April.
Great tomato & herb plants for the garden, better than at any other spring/summer market.
A CREPE STAND??So yes, the corn was good as well as the tomatoes but let me talk about crepes for a minute here.
And that's all I care about.I do like the flower vendor here.
And Marilyn's gets their fruit from their next-door neighbor, Johnson's Farm Market, so they offer seasonal selections.
We get most of our veggies from our CSA, so I only use the farmers markets to fill in some egregious gaps (like mushrooms, or fruit) and for eggs and meat.
The fruit is always fresh and ripe.
They have fresh Shitake, White, and other varieties.
Even better, you can get frozen mushroom burgers (portabello and black beans), their stuffed ravioli (your choice of butternut squash, portabello or I think asparagus), a steak sauce (they are planning to rename it) that has portabello and wasabe that is great on just about anything, various small batch, freshly made granolas, and various salsa and pasta sauces, made in small batches with yum, portabello in it.
I've been coming here a lot lately to stock up on fresh fruits and veggies, since it's a hop, skip and a jump away from where I work.
They had a bread maker there too, so I asked him if he had any gluten-free breads and to my disappointment he said no, so that was a bummer.
I'll take some honey, some salad fixins, red potatoes, melons, salsa, strawberry preserves, corn, tomatoes, cucumbers, zucchini, lots of fresh veggies... oh man oh man, I should of brought two bags to fit all the stuff I found.
:) They have baked goods like breads and pies and other natural stuff like soaps and candles.
It usually has a good selection and a little bit of everything: fruits, vegetables, flowers, baked goods, cheese, eggs, meat.
It's early in the season so the selection isn't that great yet, but I made out with a couple of bunches of asparagus, strawberries and some fresh salsa (tomatillo and habanero).
Lots of other stuff like flowers and herbs you can grow at home, lots of breads and cheese, and lots of stuff made of mushrooms: giardiniera, pasta sauce, pickled mushrooms.
They have it all folks: Meat Eggs Baked goods Fruit Veggies (one farmer has the biggest frigging Zucchini I have ever seen--serioulsy it bordered on the ridiculous!)
I was pleasantly surprised by how big this market actually is & how much variety that was on display.
Great mix of standard fruits and vegetables, along with fresh flowers, bread and pies, coffee, granola, and Illinois beef.
A few big marketers, such as Seedling Fruit, and some nice surprises, such as specialty peppers.
I am looking forward to fall when the Honey Crisp apples return!Come October they have pumpkins, decorative gourds, etc.
My goodness there is a large selection at this market!
Eye spy with my big green eyes:Corn, potatoes, squash, tomatoes, carrots, parsnips, romaine lettuce, beets, radishes, pumpkins, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, and the occasional eggplant.
And if you are in the mood for some packaged goods you can always take a gander at their jarred goodies, baked goodies, and their sweet treats.
The first couple weeks didn't blow me away, but since then there are more stands, greater variety of products, and a most festive atmosphere (a late harvest contributed to this, I'm sure).
In addition to a truly astounding variety of produce, you'll also find some baked goods, natural products like soap, honey, jams, etc.
They have the same selection weekly- sunflowers, snapdragons, gladiolas, zinnias, Asiatic lilies.
It takes up the whole parking lot and has a pretty decent selection.
The cheese lady who sells 3 cheeses - cheddar, butterkase, and swiss cheese - she sells the butterkase for $6 and at Gene's the same size sells for about $4.80The cooked cheese stand where you can sample cheese spreads and smoked cheese --- ALL SELLS AT WHOLEFOODS for less!!!The hummus stand is tasteless and watered down.The bread "imported from France" - really?
Plenty of fruits, vegetables, baked goods, and so on.
I'm not sure if the Tue. one is bigger, but the selection here was seriously lacking.
