Tons of fresh, green, organic options produced across the Lake Michigan sister states (IL, WI, IN, MI) all sold in one place!
This is definitely well-suited to the neighborhood, and I'll be making a weekly stop to shop (local!) for some delicious produce.
I understand some of it is a little pricier than the grocery stores but I can guarantee you it will taste twice as good and last twice as long.
I go gaga for fresh vegetables.
As long as I get my farm-fresh goods, what do I care that other people buy prepared food?
The faux-cage free kind at Dominicks shipped from who-knows-where, or the real cage free, happy chickens, from northern Indiana?
It isn't the biggest farmer's market, but the quality was very good.
I've yet to taste anything that wasn't ripe and very, very tasty.That seems to be the benefit over shopping for produce at your local supermarket - the goods at the Farmers Market are ready for consumption, unlike those green bananas that are common at the grocery store.
They aren't certified organic yet, but they don't use pesticides and are a CSA.
I ended up passing lots of sweet goodies for the healthy veggies.
I will buy broccoli from one vendor and tomatoes from other, mainly based on quality.
The crimini have a wonderful, earthy depth of flavor and saute' so nicely.I can't speak to the prepared foods that are here as I avoid them.
Do I come here for fresh veggies?
The Tuesday morning market is the larger of the two but I will take fresh veggies where I can get em.
They have a pride in what they sell and they should because it is delicious.
So, if ever you are in this hood on a Tuesday from 7-1pm June-October, treat yourself to some fresh produce here.
It's small enough not to be overwhelming, but has a good mix of produce.
YES!-AND of course all the produce is fresh, delicious, and abundant.
Such variety-make sure you take a walk through to check out the pricing and quality which differs from stand to stand.
I leave with my bags overflowing with fifty pounds of vegetables, wondering how on earth I will get home.the cons: they do pack up and sell out of certain things early, and it would be nice if there was more organic produce.
Despite not being on the weekend, there is a good number of venders and a diverse mix of goods like John B. said in his review.
The quality of the produce here beats Jewel anyday.
Good to know that Pizza D.O.C. grows its pizzas locally - I hear pizza farming is the next big thing.
