Definitely a great spot to buy some healthy delicious snacks for your music in the park outing a few blocks south at Welles park.
Despite its small size, this farmers market packs a lot in the space.Looking forward to making this a Thursday night ritual!
But that certainly isn't me.There is better and cheaper product all over the place.
At the moment, there are pretty good deals on fresh herb plants, fresh flowers (this guy always has good prices,) and at the west end, next to the el driveway, there a stand with very beautiful and large hanging flower baskets priced at $15 and $20.
Small (compared to the Evanston Farmers Market) but totally adequate!The location is SO convenient, especially for the Thursday night markets.
Great but small farmer's market!
It is always easy to find parking in Lincoln Square, and I came before 8 am so could park on Lincoln Ave. for free.
Small, but packs a punch.
Thank you, great lords of the market!
It is in the city parking lot next to the Western El station.
No contest, if I'm going to drop money on good food, it's going to be actual, real, local good food.All of the vendors are really nice, too.The market also accepts LINK cards, which I think it awesome although it doesn't affect me personally.
I was able to get a whole lot of crimini mushrooms for a great price (amongst other things).It is a smaller farmer's market, but the selection was very diverse.
It's only at places like these that I can get garlic of this quality and this variety of vegetables and fruits for great prices.The prices are great as well.
Nice way to hang in the area and buy directly from the farmers and local small business.
I enjoy going locally and it feels more European like vs big box stores.
Regarding prices, I know from one vendor they assess product prices against one another so there isn't too great a variance on any item.
I love my little neighborhood farmer's market.
The vendors tend to be friendly and happy to chat, and, despite what some other reviews have said, I am usually able to find some good deals.
All you have to do is walk around and browse and make small talk like "hey those are some big cucumbers!!"
The farmers are friendly, informative, and not at all pushy.
Parking can be a bit of an issue, but you can definitely take the L there as this market is located in the parking lot of the Western/Lincoln brown line stop.
Very friendly and helpful marketers!
This is almost as fun as the Oak Park farmers market.
When and Where (June-October)Lincoln/Leland/Western (4700 N - 2400 W)City Parking Lot adjacent to Brown Line StationTuesdaysJune 10-October 28, 2008I love this market.
Huge selection, great prices and fun people watching.
I get an adrenaline rush as i move from one farmers booth to another, comparing quality and prices. and most of it looks so darn good. most of it is generally local, and some of it is homegrown, pesticide free. you can find some really amazing deals on things like eggplant, cucumber and peppers, and it is fun to see new produce at the farmers stand, as different crops move into season.
Ok, maybe not SO hidden in that it's right at the corner of Lincoln and Western, in the parking lot next to the Western Brown Line stop.
Prices are pretty consistent throughout, but it's worth taking a pass through all the stands first.
There is a great flower stand with $4 bouquets that really last.
If you are running your own gourmet restaurant, it may not be to your liking or have everything you need, but for the average, everyday chef just looking for a few fresh ingredients for dinner or some specialty spices or jams, it's a great little spot!Street parking in the area is pretty plentiful this time of day/week (Tuesday mornings), but it's also a great walk if you live in the immediate area.
It doesn't ever get too crowded (it is Tuesday morning after all) so you never feel rushed or pushed around.If you are driving by or have a Tuesday off, stop by and look around, it's really quaint and cute!
A nice selection at competitive prices, from friendly merchants and farmers throughout the region, with products ranging from perishables to households.
The prices are better, and it's small enough that none of the the stands selling similar produce will have wildly different prices for the same product. two bakeries are usually in attendance on of which sells an excellent walnut golden raisin pumpernickel.the veggies people are crazy friendly, and the fruit people are a little off-putting in their pretense.
I thought it was going to be crowded as heck, but at 6pm, it was pretty empty.
Great vendors, nice location, great product.
