Friendliest staff at booths, great prices on herbs and flowers to plant, fun people watching and lotsa dogs to pet!
We brought a ton of vegetables, sourdough loaf, sunflower tendril peas, Chicago Co-op Honey, and had a pizza from the Langhe Market vendor.Compared to Wicker Park's Farmer Market, there are more vendors and it is more crowded.
Most vendors have a samples of their products, and are looking to start a conversation with their customers.
Truly something for everyone here -- this year-round farmers market is conveniently located and easy to get to, usually OK street parking, features local food, fresh fruit and produce, love music, dog treats, locally made cheese, flowers, live music and street food vendors.
It's fun for the whole family to walk around tasting and buying local food, supporting local small businesses, stay for lunch and do some great people watching.
Lots of people watching, dog watching, and fun things to buy.My favorite is the salsa/mushroom stand.
Sometimes they seem super pricey, but I guess you're paying for quality.The only area I find lacking is the prepared food/things to eat while you walk.
The indoor location is easy to find, and has large signs outside of the building labeling it.
There also appears to be a parking lot next to the building in case you want to drive to the market.
This is a great spot to hang out with friends when you're looking for something different to do than stuffing your face at a breakfast diner.
Tons of vendors, plenty of parking (illegal) along with a nice location make it a must stop.
Bring cash & plenty of it.
The prices were a bit more expensive than some of the other markets (a chocolate cooke was $3), but the quality was good and the stalls all had very friendly staff.I'd stop in when in the area, though not sure I'd make a specific trek here as I have closer markets to me.
Some of the stalls were the same as ones that are at the Green City Market, but in a smaller venue, so less of a wait!
The vendors are friendly, and the crowds have gotten bigger of the years, which is a testament to what a wonderful market this is.Parking is free on Sundays in the lot on Emmett, just north of the Logan Square blue line station.
Good place for lunch I like this market a lot.
I can easily find a parking spot in the neighborhood and take my little dog (she seems to be a big hit with everyone) with me.
Nice location and great place to people (and dog) watch.
Gets pretty crowded and prices are a little high but definitely one of my favorite farmers markets in the city.
As others have mentioned, sometimes parking is a bit of a challenge but I usually find a spot after a few minutes of looking.
They even have parking for bicycles.A negative was too many baby carriages and they moved slow.I participate with the city farm compost system and the farmers market is a drop off location for their compost buckets.
There is always interesting hot foods, plenty of vegan options, if that is your thing, and fun shakes and drinks.
And the sno cone syrup is on my list for next visit.This is a great place for all ages--I appreciated the little area where a live band was setting up and they set up a place for kids to draw and pin up their artwork on a clothesline as part of the "art' section.
Lots of strollers so watch your heels.
Lots of dogs out with their owners.
There are also so many people - hipsters, families, friends, couples, a bit of everything.
Follow it with a delicious brunch at JAM.Super dog friendly if you live near there and want to bring your pup.
Great food, photo ops, people watching, dogs allowed, fresh everything.
Friendly lovely market to meander thru on a Sunday morning.
Parking?
This is such a cute farmers market!
Cute and small, but dense with interesting vendors.
I was about to say maybe it's a little too family friendly for me and all the kids throw me off.
So great!!
Prices are generally the same from vendor to vendor, but it's worth it to scour the market before purchasing to make sure you're getting the best deal.There are also tents for community organizations and local businesses like IGO Car Sharing, and Alive Rescue, an animal rescue group.Cash is king at the Market, but if you stop by the Logan Square Chamber of Commerce tent, you can pay by credit card and get vouchers to use at the various booths.
There's almost always live music playing at the Market (sadly it usually involves banjos).
Great place if you're interested in the -free stuff: Gluten free, dairy free, etc.
Lovely place to take your kids and pets.
I'll be coming back here every weekend, and I love that the crowd is logan square crowd (different age group) vs Evanston market crowd.
At that price, I can handle some environmental degradation from factory farmed eggs.
They're a non-profit organization with urban farms in the South Side of the city, and they really do a great job in training less privileged people in the community by providing training on the job and in the future.
Despite being located in a busy area, parking is actually not too difficult to find.
It's cute and has great hours- much later than any weekend market I've heard of.Fruit & veggie prices seem reasonable.
Shop around before you buy though- prices on the same thing vary a lot.
The venders are happy and smiling and the prices are more than reasonable for the organic homegrown options being offered.
A) It is a five minute walk from my apartmentB) If you get there a bit earlier (say by 10ish) it isn't crazy crowdedC) All the vendors are so friendly and helpfulD) A lot of the vendors accept credit cards (which is great for me since I don't ever carry a lot of cash on me)E) Great variety of organic and local vendorsI've been picking up primarily produce (there is a plethora of fresh, tasty, local fruits, veggies, meats, cheeses, etc), but will definitely be coming by closer to lunch one day to grab some eats (I always see people wandering around with really great looking tacos).And I believe the farmers market head's to an indoor location once it gets too cold out.
What fun.
Area is great.
It still has great food finds from local purveyors in the City, Downstate, and Michigan, but has really expanded, offering more prepared food, bakery, holistic services, and sellers of bric-a-brac.My last visit being an example of the diversity: I got chard, local honey, tamales in black mole sauce, free acupuncture, a book, a GB Packer wrestling mask, and a slap on the ass!
It's not crowded, but also not depressingly deserted.
There's nice bike parking.
It seems dog-friendly it doesn't affect traffic at all because it's on a side of a street, and goes into a park.
Some areas were rather crowded and some vendors seemed non existent.
Just grab my reusable tote bags, my sunscreen, and my cash and I'm off to a fun Sunday at the market!!
This is great for those using link cards, but otherwise slightly inconvenient.
The line is usually pretty long so be prepared to wait a little.
The farmers that come to this market to sell their goods are super friendly as well.
Whenever, I didn't know the difference between certain veggies or how to cook them, they answered my questions in a very friendly way!
The prices are pretty on par with other farmers' markets and it's great talking with the vendors.
Probably more the customers of the market causing the issue than the vendors, but sad when food/garbage is left on the grass or picnic table.
Best of all it's right in the middle of the homely Logan Square neighborhood so you get that feeling of escape from the city.
Yeah, its gotten bigger but its still got this raw neighborhood feel which I love.Definitely hit it up before the weather completely goes yucky.
Still great for people watching, and dogs are welcome!
Which is great, but my dog doesn't do well with crowds.
It does get a little frustrating when everyone is all over the place.
It always has a small-townish feeling to it and you sort of feel like you're at a state fair, but with much much better food and produce to select from.
There is also always live music entertainment that you can listen to during your meandering walk through the market.
It is great for all ages and even dog friendly!
It isn't too big, but they pack a lot of great stuff into the space they reserve.
It's great even just to walk around and look at everything, it can be a very eventful Sunday morning mere blocks away from your doorsteps.Also, they sometimes offer free yoga lessons too (I don't know all the details, but it looks fun).
There are so many different booths set up and there is live music, you can easily make an afternoon out of a visit here.
They also have live music performances.
Overall, the prices are about the same at each vendor.
This place is not Aldi or Walmart, there is no mass production to grow the profit margin.
Loaded with kids and dogs.
I grew up in the small town, and as a child was surrounded by vegetables from the garden, and as much fruit as MN weather could support.
I have never, ever, been to a farmer's market with prices like this one has.
At that point, you're gouging me, I don't care how local you are, or how nice you are.
The problem is I can get produce and meat anywhere from 25-50% cheaper from many different places in the city.
Take that farmer's market and shove it in Lakeview or Lincoln Park, where its prices belong.
This does not compare at all to the one in my neighborhood, and in fact it puts it to shame.
Lots of people were sprawled out on the lawn and parkway, picnicking, playing games.
Yes, it's still small.
However, things have just gotten a lot more bustling and happy!We took a trip there today and the place was packed!
Seeing so many people there was really, really great.
There were kids, dogs, musicians, artists - representatives of the community!
Get yourself out there to participate in the awesome neighborhood happenings - there's much fun and food to be had!
Ick!2) The market is smaller than a full grown market.
Like many small, adorable youth in nature, the baby farmer's market might rip your face off with its hidden power.
It's small, but it packs a big punch!Michael G and I wandered over to the Farmer's Market to check it out before our road trip to Milwaukee.
Lastly, the lines and crowd were much more manageable; the wait for a crepe at Green City averages 30-45 minutes, in Logan Square it's more like 5 minutes tops.
All of the vendors at this market were friendly and very enthusiastic about what they were selling.
It seemed like everyone that shopped here had a dog.
If it werent for the food stands, I would have thought this was a dog park.
Prices seemed a bit high but its a farmers market so thats to be expected.
A lot more vendors and people have made this into a phenomenal market.
They have yard sales nearby, and a lot of local businesses have tents set up.
Lots of fresh food, lemonade, homemade stuff, some terrible live music (but that's alright).
This is a small farmer's market, but I feel that there's a bigger sense of community when you are visiting these smaller and more focused events.
The prices here are way more than they are at Jewels!!
How dare they bump prices up to cover the cost of such things!
There's something fun about walking into a post-apocalyptic looking Congress Theatre lobby and checking out the various vendors.
Isn't it counter productive for a bunch of folks who are all about supporting local purveyors to leave such a giant mess?
This a great family-friendly and dog-friendly atmosphere with a variety of vendors and things to do.
It's a great people-watching event too.
Most of the vendors I interacted with were very friendly.
I prefer this market over Green City as it's also a lot less crowded, and Sunday fits my schedule better, but it's nice to have options on different days.The only downside is that it is just as pricey here as at Green City market or Whole Foods, which is as pricey as it gets.
Cheaper than the high end organic grocery store down the street that starts with a W. I'm getting pretty excited for the outdoor market to come back despite the fact that it is always crowded with strollers and dogs.
The crowd factor is the only thing that really puts me off.The indoor market is pretty good too.
And I'm pretty sure most of the people who complain can actually afford to pay more for their food (something you actually need to live).
It's small enough to not be overwhelmed by chefs and people buying in mass quantities, but larger and more diverse than the French Market in Lakeview, for example.
Yes, the prices can be high.
If you buy from 4 vendors, you will have 4 different small charges on your card.
The vendors here are great... almost everything is organic, which is certainly appreciated.
It's not really that crowded, and for the most part Vendors are friendly and laid-back.
The overrun yuppies and their accessories are usual fare but since the market is so small they seem overwhelming.
For the city, this is a great farmer's market.
It isn't too crowded although there are a number of strollers and a lot of people during peak times... things tend to get picked over by later in the time as well (it's 10-3pm ususally so go earlier).
Finally, as of 2013 more and more vendors take Square and electronic payments; however, cash still is the easiest to deal with here.
I'd like a few more vendors and maybe some louder and cheerier music.
Nice bonus is the pop-up flea market that sometimes takes place on the adjacent boulevard.
Parking is sometimes a challenge, but a few trips around neighboring blocks pays off every time.
Maybe I don't have a baby in a stroller, or a dog, or both, or even a dog in a stroller.
Great people watching, a nice picnic spot and plus you'll never know what discussion you'll get into -or listen in on ;) - next!
Come for the entertainment, fun locals, and most importantly, the fresh veggies and fruits! (and baked goods!)
It's walking distance from my house so that probably helps.The neighborhood has done a great job in selecting vendors that provide seasonal items that are of great quality.
Handlebar also have great veg foods.
Great music.
Fun atmosphere.
But the prices are ridiculously high.
Adam S. had a great review that is spot on.
I didn't see too much in the way of cheese vendors (except for Provenance, who had a booth there like other local vendors Fonda del Mar and Vella Cafe).
Most were decently priced, somewhere in between a neighborhood grocery and Whole Foods - which is what you should expect for organic food with no middleman or fancy marketing on the part of a store.I wish I could do all my shopping at farmers market's, but I still have to get some other staples elsewhere (sliced ham - Wally's, Mexican produce and other products - Windy City or Cermak or Carniceria Jimenez).
But in all, it's a nice neighborhood feature on Sundays.
It's a little on the small but I find everything that I need and I can just relax in the grassy knoll.
There is so much packed in this little area.
Side Note: Some vendors are starting to accept credit cards but remember to always cash on hands and singles if you have them.
Cash for food from the people who made it, simple.I guess it's back to shopping Jewel.
But for a local, neighborhood farmer's market, I think it does a good job.If I didn't live in the neighborhood, I probably wouldn't go.
That said, though, all the people at the booths I went to were friendly, and I managed to pick up some nice carrots and scallions, as well as a few different baked goods and some specialty soap.
I munch on my French bread and listen to music if they have something going on.
Great news!
Packed with people every week, and folks actually hung out there chatting with community spirit this year.
You feel like you fit in, and it's fun to admire everyone's earthy style.
This market is great on many levels.It's growing, to be sure.
But it's an important (and wonderful) community hot spot now.
Yes, it's small, though I was told it was bigger today than even last week.
They also had a cute plant called a rabbit tail, I think it was.
Support these people and our market so that it will stay and get bigger!
There was even entertainment in the form of a fella with a washboard accompanying a tap dancer.It's not a big market, as others have mentioned, but it's a nice little market with some nice offerings and I'm glad it seems to be thriving.Another interesting thing this year seems to be the impromptu yard sales on the boulevard!
Its a very small space, and if every third person has a dog, guess what?
It seems to have grown a little in size even though the alderman that will remain nameless almost denied their permit.
I also love that New Wave Coffee is right there because it is always to grab a drank some doughnuts and get down to some intense people watching.
I think many people miss the point of smaller neighborhood farmers markets.
The smaller markets offer independent, smaller businesses an opportunity to "get their feet wet" in the farmers market, and allow you to walk a block rather than take a bus/bike ride across town to shop.
I find the smaller market to be refreshing compared to Green City or Daley Plaza's market (which are also great in their own ways).
And the prices tend to be a smidge cheaper.
I'm on a tight budget, but I make it a point to support this market and other independet ones in neighborhood "pockets". Any time you can buy from a farmers market, you're helping support local growers, (often) organic farming, highly motivated business people and talented artisans, and you get high quality products.
Once you figure in the price of gas and the time it took you to pick them, you might as well have paid the Logan Square market price.
I think the neighborhood could support it.
Very very few booths, very very high prices, nothing special.
Check out the musicians playing the market, I've heard some great local tunes there!And the pulled pork is HEAVENLY :) This is a great little farmers market!
The farmers are very friendly and will tell you about what they do and where they are coming from.
I think is really cool that people drive a little out of the way to share their tasty food and we should take advantage of it!The prices are very reasonable, probably would spend the same amount at dominicks.
Both were great but especially the cider.
Yes, it's expensive, and yes, it's crowded, but it really has become a neighborhood gathering place on Sundays, which is always good.
If I ever find my self wandering around the neighborhood on a Sunday, I'll pass by the market and see what's what. this is a very good farmers market except for the location. it is very crowded and and cramped. there could be even more great vendors if it would move onto the street away from where it is now. there is so much space around the square, i hope the organizers realize how big this could become and move onto the main streets for the day.
Some vendors are pretty pricey - but you get what you pay for!
Something tells me the only way this place will grow is with some TLC from the locals, so get off your butt and head over there.Update 7/8/07: Just visited again, and my, how this little gem has blossomed.
Hooray for my neighborhood!
My husband and I have bought some veggies from the farmer's market and the prices are a bit high.
It's a crowded market and the vendors are knowledgable and in a good mood.
Vendors were very friendly overall except for one...who conveniently "forgot" to give me my $6 change...and made no attempt to give it to me.
I guess organic doesn't equal honest. this farmers market is very small and surprisingly pricey (when i think farmers market, i think dirt cheap). i like the idea and what they have available - but not the price. maybe i'm a little too stingy, but i think i'll stick with the store down the street that sells 7 peaches for a dollar, thanks.
Very small---maybe only 6 or 8 tables.
I was able to find some great flowers and I can always get a really nice cup of sweet tea.
But it is fun.
It is nice to have a farmers market close to home where we didn't have to worry about parking.
It's a cute little place and a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
It is small but the people are nice and they have a great selection of the basics.
But if you come open to trying new foods and willing to be flexible on your purchases, you can find some great eats while supporting local businesses.
Prices are decent compared to other markets, like Green City Market.
It attracts a decent crowd, but isn't too busy.
Parking is easy to find and we often bring their dog with us.
Yes, it's smaller than many others.
However, it's become a Sunday ritual for me...I enjoy supporting the area farmers and local businesses, meeting friends for brunch at the crepe stand, sipping iced coffee from Vella and seeing neighbors.
The vendors are super friendly, and I've purchased some of the best blackberries and heirloom tomatoes here.
The veggies and fruit, the friendly faces, the flowers, the performers.
