Vendors are certified with organic foods.My favorite vendor is the Windmill Ginger Brew (non alcoholic ginger beer that tastes like concentrated soda juice).
I got the pizza and it was delicious and very fresh.
There's something for everyone - whether you're looking for fresh produce, baked goods, fresh flowers, live folk music, or local food.
The produce I bought was of great quality as well as the baked goods.
My husband commented last week on how good our dinners dishes have tasted since we started shopping here.
Plus I realize I am paying a premium price for for that was very recently picked and usually taste better and has more nutrition that the typical grocery store.
La Boulangerie makes some very good bread, as a matter of fact some of the best in the city.
Next time Jake because I do care about eating quality meats that were not massed produced and raised humanely.Also, if you didn't eat anything and are hungry after shopping for the upcoming week then there are tons of great restaurants within 2 miles of the market.
Good luck in your farm to table search for great produce!
We really enjoyed the fresh berries and cherries from our last visit.
I love this community of farmers, and I can't wait to make amazing things with all of my beautiful fresh ingredients.
Plenty of seating in the back as well! 3.5 StarsFarmer Markets in general will always get at least 3 stars from me because whats not to like about people selling healthy fresh produce??
Everyone is really friendly, produce and fruit (love the peaches) are fresh...I don't know something about the vibe is off.
Last time I was there I bought organic cherry tomatoes, eggs, and some tomatillos.
Despite the east-end profusion of wild boar ravioli and organic snow cones and artisinal cream puffs et alia (all very delicious, I'm sure), down on the western half it is an honest to goodness farmers market with more fruits and vegetables than you can shake a sprocket wrench at.
Notably, chicago diner had these bahn mi wraps (which are *awesome*) 2 for $5, as well as some awesome taco stand which had equally amazing Horchata.
I was also pleasantly surprised by the balance between prepared foods and fresh produce-- thought there was going to be more in the way of vegan cupcake food trucks or some such yuppie nonsense, but it was really pretty balanced and the selection was great.My major gripe is the $5.50 for a dozen eggs, which every stand seems to subscribe to.
My go-to stand places for produce such as corn, melons, and carrots is Geneva Lakes.
Their goods are consistently of good quality and prices are super reasonable.
More awesome than their produce is their model.
Fresh vegetables galore.
Organic soaps, dog food, local restaurants.
I've avoided the drool worthy bread and pastries, but they always look so tasty.
They did have apples, and very delicious blueberries that were grown in Michigan and frozen, and tasted oh so fresh, as well as some indoor-grown greens.
Yes, I admit I tried both of them and they were delicious!
There is a great mix of raw ingredients, prepared foods, and local craft goods.
Grabbing some fresh produce from local farms, vegan baked goods from local shops or even a full lunch to eat in the grass.
What is the point is the absolutely fantastic produce, meats, and breads you'll come across here.
I just can't get this kind of quality in stores.
I'm also able to get a great amount of quantity to go with the awesome quality as well.
Want to pick up some produce, but the grocery store never has fresh produce?
That's kinda supposed to be the point: paying more money to have better quality AND getting the benefit of meeting some of the people who grow the food.It's beautiful.
I don't stock my pantry here, but I always find something fun and delicious.
I could stop at almost any gas station in WI and get cheese just as fresh and organic and the cheese people tried to sell me for a third the price.
It's just as organic, natural, and most importantly, it tastes just as good.
I am willing to pay more to support a local farmer (local in this case being within a 50 mile range, which isn't very local if you think about it), and I am willing to pay more for "better" quality.
I can drive through rural IL, WI, or MI, and find just as much fresh organic produce along the side of the road, for half the price, if not less.
Delicious!
The first stage of farmer's market development is to lure these with nutritious (mostly) organic food so fresh that not even one of Chicago's healthy food purveyors can compare.
The produce is from all over, but it's got a good local flavor.
Piedt Farms is also great, has the best corn I've eaten and we love their Honeycrisp apples also.
You slay me with your six syllables and complicated logic.I mean, seriously, I could totally drive an hour or two, find a produce stand on the side of a country road and still spend less on produce than I would at this market, even after accounting for the cost of gasoline.
But if you go here and then whine about the high cost of local, sustainable, organic produce and pasture-raised meat, then frankly, you're incredulously ignorant.
You're a silly willy nilly billy if you think buying organic, "natural" food at the grocery store--yes, even Whole Foods--is comparable to buying from a local, sustainable farmer.
I'm too used to this place being filled with punks and metal-heads, not local farmers educating me on organic dog food and how blueberries are kept fresh in the winter.
And the baked goods were high quality.
We wandered for like 30 minutes, admiring the produce and all the yummy looking prepared foods that you could buy.
Fresh flowers, fresh organic meats, and many other unique items.
The one draw back to this market was the price but worth it for the fresh produce and other organic products.
I don't get a lot of stuff there when I go cause I like to buy fresh veggies and such, but I've had ok luck.
This past weekend I snagged some green beans that were so fresh they snapped like crazy!
I'm willing to pay more to support local farmers and to get really great tasting, fresh produce.
I got lamb's liver from Mint Creek that was awesome and a bunch of veggies and some cheese and bread.
LSFM seems small enough to feel intimate and manageable while offering up what you need. plenty of fresh vegetables, baked goods and fresh meats.zullo's apple cider doughnuts more-than satisfied my sweet tooth. freshly-fried goodness rolled in cinnamon sugar - phenomenal. also picked up some local honey from chicago honey co-op.definitely glad we stopped to check it out - i'll be back.
I really like wandering down here on a Sunday for some fresh produce shopping.
Most stuff is of great quality, so I don't mind shelling out a little extra cash.
I said, They look delicious, but they're a little out of my budget.
Other than a tasty taco (rock on, Cherubs), I never leave with anything.The produce is barely adequate, I know it's organic but I've hit my fair share of farmer's markets (that sounds as lame as it is written) but it's barely worth the price.
So go hit up the cash station, and come prepared to be inspired to make something delicious.
Note, don't expect everything to be 100% organic here - so ask how much something is sprayed, how it is treated, etc.
You can drop quite a bit of $$$ here versus buying organic at Marianos/Whole Foods but we have had some pretty delicious fruit/veggies from here still.
Everyone walking around the cold hall in their winter coats, a quiet guitar being played somewhere in the cavernous lobbyThe crepe guy and the pork guy are there and most of the goods are canned or baked but it's winter so its not like they'd have fresh vegetables.
Who doesn't like consumption for a beneficial cause?!I had an especially great experience this morning so I thought its time for a review.At this market you can:Sign the petition for a single payer health care system and discuss the legislation and the literature plus donate, if you wish;Support a local Logan Square publisher by buying books by neighbourhood and Chicagoan authors,Buy delicious 8year mature cheddar, fresh cheese curds and other cheesy delights;Buy heirloom tomatoes and candy stripe beetroot or a multitude of other fresh fruit and veg as well as salsas, local honey, organic meats, fresh cut flowers and wonderful baked goods.Support Humboldt Park's youth programs by buying delicious hot sauces, jam and pesto from Co-op Sauce, LLCEat Cook au Vin's legendary crepes; a pint of ice cream from Logan Square Kitchen's resident NiceCream, or a good ol' British banger sarnie or bacon buttie (yes I do bring by own butter to make it a buttie -what of it?) or perhaps a delightful cone of zeppole from Zullo's! (plus many more tasty treats!)It may not be the cheapest place to stock a pantry each week but it is a delight to accent each meal with some of the market ingredients.Keep that in mind, and try not to get run over by stroller wheels or jumped on by the many over zealous dogs....
The cipollini and the garlic were phenomenal, with a great, interesting flavor.
And there will still be farm fresh meat and eggs.
I made the most delicious butternut squash soup this very evening for the first time.
(Woodstock organic farm & City Farms are my fave.)This is not to mention the dead sea bath salts, chamomile face soap, and fresh flowers!
Thanks for all the delicious vegetables this year!
I believe in supporting local growers.However, selection is hit or miss (altho quality is decent) and value is not near as good as Stanley's.
One thing people need to keep in mind when shopping at markets (and buying organic in general) is: It costs farmers more to produce smaller crop yields when they don't use chemicals.
They are THE place to go if you want delicious, natural meats.
My fiance and I loved it so much (natural AND delicious!) that we joined their meat share/CSA this winter, which has been awesome.
Delicious!
It was sweet and did not have that bitter after taste that I usually get from grocery store brands.
I hope it grows and grows, and I hope the police ease up on the spontaneous yard sales that sprout up adjacent to it.
Did I mention you could also get fresh baked yeasty products there too?
I was pretty disappointed by the lack of fresh produce..
I came away with not only flowers, bread and another (presumably) delicious chicken, but plenty of fresh produce (cherries, peaches, broccoli, new potatoes, snap peas, lettuce--yum!
The quality of the item is great but it could get very pricey to do your produce shopping there.
I don't agree with the other reviewers that offer the opinion that LSFM has limited or average quality product.
Good thing it registered because I don't think the tomato and ear of corn I bought were worth $10!
We were able to buy a large bunch of fresh basil for cheap, and hopefully when it rolls around next Spring it will be a more lively place.
