Vendors offer a variety of fruit, vegetable, honey, pressed juice, pizza, bread, live music entertainment, pastries, meats, flower bouquets, salsas, cooking oil, tamales, empanadas, and lots more!
If you are specifically looking for meat, Wicker Park has less expensive options.
Coffee, bagels, cheese, fresh fruit and Uber are the order of the day.With the aforementioned groceries disappeared, Mr Uber was at Ms Baseball Funkette's Party Barn door straightaway.
Then before you could say "Bob's yer LGBT Uncle who used to be yer Aunt", we are deposited at the Logan Square Farmers Market or LSFM.Music, vegtables, bread, fruit, pastry, soap, flowers, bikes, organic and the opposite of organic?!?, dogs, over-priced and priced just right, strollers, cheese, sausages, wagons, salamis, honey, empanadas, crepes, art... maybe a Garfunkel (props to BNL)...All in all this Farmers Market was one beer tent shy of Sunday morning PAR-TAY!
Lot of vendors, from flowers and veg and fruits to ready made food like a taco stand and pizza.
Of course there's always seasonal veggies and fruits.
It's a nice variety, but we've tried them all and they're just okay.I do love Letizia's baked goods.
There wasn't a lot of produce, but there were still your typical farmers market goods such as honey, fresh bread, soaps, some herbs, and canned sauces and salsas.
The best part was the selection of snacks to nibble on while you're there.
There was a great assortment of food options - not only to have a snack, but also some very nice looking veggies, flowers, cheeses, etc.
Live music rings in the air.....Fruits and vegetables(blueberries, cherries, plums, peaches, greens, watermelon, swiss chard, string beans, potatoes, onions, garlic, mushrooms, carrots, beets, lettuce, tomatoes.... ok must I go on?
Let's just say summer's bounty.On the prepared side:flavored shaved ice, ice cream, iced tea, fruit drinks, chai, confections, hot sauce, bread and other baked goods(including a gluten free bakery), kale burgers, beef burgers, pizza, sandwiches and of course Gayles grilled cheese sandwiches(with a gluten free option).For the home there are flowers, plants and soaps, snacks for pets.This has become my favorite Chicago farmers market.
This farmers market offers a great selection!
Lots of vendors with fruits, vegetables, pastries, breads, and handmade products.
There is even a doggie treat stand, chocolates, homemade sodas, donuts, cheese, olive oil and balsamic vinegar, flowers and gluten-free/vegan desserts.
Such a fun farmers market with so many great produce, fresh flowers, bread, a variety of food options and everything in between!
The selection is great the location on a warm rain less day on the boulevard is beautiful.
They have a variety of produce stalls and cheese, which is my key priority, but they also have other tasty products, breads, honey, soap... but I REALLY come here for the "street food"!!!
I only wish they were open earlier (10am to 3pm Sundays) just so we can get an early start on the day AND have breakfast at the Market, yes, even on Sundays we are up early in the Mommyhood.There is fresh seasonal produce, flowers, herbs, meat, cheeses, jams/jellies/honey from local farms.
There are so many booths - a wide variety of fruits, veggies, baked goods, jams, meats, cheeses + music!!! - just about everything you could ask for.
Along with being consistent, LSFM holds it down with options on top of options of organic booths and fresh foods.
Get your fresh flowers and plants, cheese, fruits and vegetables, while enjoying a nice summer day.
Excellent array of options - my faves were the goats' milk soaps, Ludwig Farms cheese and the homemade caramel lady with her son.
There were vendors selling apples/apple cider, tofu products, baked goods, gift tags made from bark, jams, and many more items.
I liked this little farmers market.They have lots of everything...cheese, bread, meat, veggies, fruit, jams, sauces, flowers, and food in general.So, yes the farmers market is expensive...but this is every farmers market in the city.I got some fresh rhubarb, kale, cucumbers, cheese, unicorn tears hot sauce!I love the little snocone stand!
Tons of great options from produce to pasture raised eggs to homemade kale burgers.
Food options aplenty: Zullo's, which sells zeppole (donut holes), Cherub's (great tacos), bangers at Spencer's, crepes at Cook Au Vin, Puffs of Doom (artisanal cream puffs) and several stands that sell baked goods.Obviously there's a ton of produce stands selling fruits, vegetables and herbs (my favorite is the one that sells any and all varieties of mushrooms), as well as flowers.
There is a great variety of stalls.
Size and variety is an asset which most neighborhood markets cannot boast.
I just didn't feel that I could look around or ahead and get a good sense of what was available.
This is as good as the Evanston farmer's market, but with a very specific different focus.Evanston is basically all varieties of plants and flowers, logan square is basically all varieties of vegetables and restaurants from the area.
Did I mention the tomatoes the size of a grapefruit?
Surprisingly decent selection of local produce and meat as well as things you don't necessarily find at the average farmers market-- stuff like smoked fish, or a pretty decent selection of bread.
Awesome market with a great variety of produce, meats, cheeses and goods.
Assorted jams, jellies, salsas, barbecue sauces.
Great variety.
Lots of fresh fruits & vegetables.
There was salsa, freshly baked bread, veggies, and every single potted flower that you could think of.
I thought they had a good variety of wares despite the fact that February isn't exactly growing season in Illinois.
The market also offers a variety of local restaurants serving up their specialties, as well as musical entertainment that varies each week.
The variety of fruits and veggies here are great.
There are also vendors that sell honey, jams, and flowers -- the usual variety you would find at a farmers' market.
According to my friend, who is a chef, the tomatoes and mushroom here are fresh yet too overpriced.
There are still enough options to give you some meals for the week but not nearly as much as over the summer.
There it's everything from salad mix, to free range meats, to fresh cheese, to kale burgers.
They have a great variety of vendors.
Ready to eat food/dishes, as well as tons of fruits, veggies, cheeses, and meats to take home and cook up a good dish.
The musicians vary from week to week, so there is a good variety.
They have everything from produce, flowers, meats, eggs, pastries, to ready-to-eat meals.
The variety was very nice and all but the prices were ridiculous.The crepe stand was there and right next to it was some bakery that had awesome almond croissants - $3/pop and very disappointing stale mini pretzel rolls (no wonder they were 5/$1)!
And it's not just the variety of goods and produce and specialty foods, but the sheer size of the market, its perfect location in the wooded boulevard, and the interesting crowd it draws.
There's tons more produce (especially fruit!) and a lot of specialty products that I don't need but want anyway.
From organic soap (with $1 samples) to fresh bread bakeries to Michigan fruit, it has everything you need.
Almost too many selections!
I did end up with about a dozen peppers of various varieties - even a dark purple one!
Huge variety, high quality and quantity, friendly farmers and vendors - you can't ask for much more.
Flowers, fruits and veggies, bakers, distillers, tofu makers, local artisans, gardeners, weekly entertainment, it really is all here.
My usuals include: phoenix bean tofu, the mushroom farmer - grab bag $10 = awesome, french baguette, homemade foccacia, and a cheese of the mongers selection, among other seasonal selections!
Le sigh...Bottom line: It's small, but a well chosen group of vendors which maximizes selection and minimizes redundancy.
The variety is vast: organic vegetables/fruits/jams/salsas, pastries/bread by the past beloved Chundy's shop called Golden Rise Bakery, used books, milk-fed lamb meat, smoothly sweet local honey, gorgeous spring flowers, organic soaps, Cupid's churros/empanadas/tostadas/horchata, Cook Au Vin crepes made in front of you by the chef himself, and Tandoori Chicken sandwiches/Samosas.
You can get veggies, fruits, at times fresh cut flowers, breads and all sorts of prepared foods.We have enjoyed walking over, looking at all the wares and planning delicious meals based on what we buy.
I'm really pleased with the variety of vendors that they have.
The selection of produce is great, although this year it seems a little prepared foods heavy.
And once I randomly found a produce stand after driving around aimlessly for a couple of hours, I'd definitely be able to find every kind of seasonal produce, bread, meat, and cheese in that stand because as everybody knows, those rinky dinky stands hold an unlimited supply of food and always offer the largest variety possible.
The variety is good with plenty of vendors, and the atmosphere is friendly.
Of course you're not going to get the myriad fruits and vegetables, but you will have a good selection of sustainable and grass-fed meat, cheese and artisan breads.
Fresh flowers ($5 bouquets), home-made macarons (with flavors changing every month), food vendors (ALREADY cooked! ha!), fruit and veggies, cheese, meat and a couple of other bakeries.
Lots of variety, but gets WAY too crowded.
That said, great variety, good people watching, and a variety of lunch options if you're making a morning of it.
All the produce looks fresh, and I get the feeling some are coming from smaller farms, which may account for its variety.
I am willing to pay more for quality and freshness, but it just seems exorbitant to charge $3 for a bit of italian parsley, and not a huge selection of herbs here, either.
Maybe we will just come here for brunch next time....mmmmmm I was here a few weeks ago and they had a very large selection of seasonal fruits and vegetables.
Great selection of fruits, veggies, meats, fish, flowers, mushrooms, honey, granola, soap.
Everything was great.Tried some horchata and a taco which was good, some savory hand pies from the apple cider donut people that where amazing, and a chai tea that was tasty too.
They have a GREAT selection!
It's still early in the season, but there was a nice variety of fruits and vegetables.
Flowers, french bread, baked goods, and herbs rounded out the mix.It was a great first visit and I intend to follow it up with many, many more!
There's probably 2x as many vendors, more selection of fruit, veggies, meat, and bread.
This doesn't compare to a more rural countryside farmer's market but brings some good produce, meat, and other items to the area.
Pound of tomatoes is 4.00 bucks and and pound of meat is ranges from10.00 to 40 bucks.
Nice variety of vendors interspersed with restaurant offerings.
Try the tacos and apple cider donuts -- to die for!
Great selection of seasonal fruits and veggies, grass-fed beef, farm-raised meats and organic bakery items and treats.
I got some great-looking spinach as well as a tomato plant.
The number of booths was still few, but the variety of produce has improved.I got some organic corn that was freakin' great.
There was a stand that sells berries and peaches, both were awesome.
Maybe that's just when the flute player is on stage...Anyway - I stock up on all my produce for the week and I'm never disappointed in the selection.
Organic fresh and variety of fruits and vegetables in all colors!!
Several local businesses sold cheese, sandwiches, flowers, etc.I picked up an organic whole chicken (which I've yet to try), some cipollini (Italian for "little onions"), and some garlic.
But they had a decent organic selection of meat (ham, bacon, chicken, etc) from a few vendors and a great selection of vegetables.
What a treat it is to have a farmers market so close and with a good selection.
When I say I can get what I need I usually stick to the fruits and veggies but they also have farm raised meats, cheese, herbal soaps and different jams and salsa's.
There were just as many carnival-style, fast food vendors as actual farmers, and the selection was quite limited.Other than a few tomato plants, I don't think I saw a single fruit.
I assume then they'll go back to their outdoor location on the boulevard.The winter market plans on still providing locally produced agriculture products, so expect root vegetables and fruits that have been "put up" by canning or drying.
Of course, all the baked goods and prepared food items will still be available.
There were a TON of people out there and had I wanted to scrounge around through other people's castoffs after purchasing my produce, I'm sure I could've walked away with a few items!
Not enough selection, and what is there is too expensive (notable exception for the flower people).
There's about 6-8 stands selling fruits and vegies, one dude with lots of bread and muffins, Provenance has delicious cheese, somebody has soap and oil, a crepe setup and a tofu burrito stand.
I usually like to support famer's markets, but their selection of vegetables left me very underwhelmed.
Based upon the increased selection and attendance at this year's market along with excellent live music, the rating goes up to five stars.
Excellent selection packed into a tiny space.
Reasonably priced fruits, veggies, baked goods, and organic meats.
Like Ellen was saying, the selection depends on the season.
I paid $3 for a half gallon of apple cider and $5 for a loaf of walnut bread.
For me, it's less about the food (although it's delicious, and there is enough variety and competition that you can search for some good deals) and more about the social interaction in a beautiful, green urban setting.
Though the market is pretty big, one third of it is dedicated to coffee and breakfast./lunch vendors, and as for "having everything" I did see some good variety including homemade soaps, honey, a solid amount of greens and a plethora of overpriced meats, I did NOT see anyone with dairy products.
There is a nice variety of vendors and lots of organic choices.
There was a distinct lack of a variety of fresh fruits and veggies.
I left with a bunch of peonies, a loaf of garlic bread, mixed greens, croissants, herbs, strawberries and a whole chicken.
You can get fresh meats from a number of vendors every week, veggies from even more vendors, and all sorts of tasty on-demand eats, as well.There's a lot of interesting booths there these days, and it has become a regular staple in my routine to head over there on Sundays and browse around.
My salads don't have the bright and beautiful edible flowers as a garnish on them.My soups don't have the variety of veggies in them!!:(Not to mention that my life isn't the same without the Wisconsin CHEESE!!I am patiently waiting for your safe return!!P.S.Please bring back Fonda del Mar and Cook Au VIn, my son's miss FDM corn tamales and CAV crepes!THANK YOU!!! :D Although this farmer's market is probably the smallest one I have ever been to, it still offers everything you could ever want.
They have everything from fruits and veggies to soaps, pies, salsa, hot sauce, flowers, smoked fish and even handmade sno cones!
Overall, very convenient farmer's market, not too large but enough variety to keep your interest.
I'd pass on the bread stand - tarts, cookies - bleh, the baguette is not good (like crusty Wonder Bread).
The flowers were nice but prices seem higher than LPFM...and again, Lincoln Park has more selection.
Better selection on baked goods at LS.
Heirloom tomatoes and other nice fruits and veggies.
Right now the flower selection is amazing and cheap.
Therefore there was not a lot of selection, and I was hoping for more produce to choose from.
Yes, you will not find peaches or apples in the early summer.
It's a nice sized market with sufficient variety - it's not too big or too small.
I love the fact that there is everything from fruits, veggies and herbs to grass fed beef to fresh bread.
I think the number of prepared food vendors is high compared to other markets, which I kind of love- buy some tomatoes, have a crepe, have a great morning!
The apple-flavored and coffee-flavored caramels are tasty little treats too.
Some items were very cheap (corn, cucumbers and peppers) but my FAVORITE green beans were outrageously priced!
