That means that things are higher quality than other markets where a lot of vendors buy fruit and vegetables in bulk from distributors and resell it.
So much variety, quality, personality and flavor.
People and the whole vibe is so friendly.Though you might consider things a bit more pricey than what you'd find at a store, keep in mind that this is locally produced by people who work hard to make artisan products and grow/raise organic food.
All of these items were grown in the CU area.
The smell of kettle corn tempts me every time!
They have some local meat vendors selling items such as locally made jerky to bison patties.
You pay a bit more but what you get is fresh & won't start going bad a few days after you bring it home like some of grocery store produce.
Of all the markets I have been to across the country, ours seems to have the greatest diversity of high quality product.
We bought two dozen tuberose that made the house smell like Hawaii for days, fantastic sweet potatoes and the obligatory crate of sweet corn.
That being said, there are a few surprises worth noting, mainly in specialty food products.
Creative flavors like pineapple habenero, and very refreshing!
My favorites are the cupcakes and cheesecakes....oh it's soooo yummy.
Organic produce, meats and herbs.
Market at the Square is probably at the top of that list.The market is an abundance of local and organic produce, meats, and baked goods.
The produce is often better and always cheaper at Meijer (but it isn't local).
The produce is sometimes better at the Food Co-Op (but more expensive).
They have fresh produce and meats from local growers and some other prepared foods (pies!).
The fruits and veggies are very affordable, not too much more than prices at Meijer's and with much higher quality.
The meat and cheese is more limited and a little pricier, but also delicious.
There's also super cheap and delicious kettle corn, which I'd recommend picking up for $3 for a very decent sized bag.
Definitely walk around before buying as the prices may differ, as well as the quality.
