The retired folks do it right.
It's easy access.
There's all sorts of music going on.
There isn't much better than watching locals buy local products and seeing smiles galore.
True, you may pay a bit more than at Wal-Mart or Meijer but you are supporting your neighbors rather than a large corporation.Plus, everything is so tasty.
Pricey but your directly supporting a local business.
We love that it offers more than just local food, and that it offers crafts, music, social causes, and so much more.
I cannot for the life of my understand why this market, in the middle of (and close driving distance from) farmland, is priced on average higher than my local Beverly Hills, CA farmer's market.
Why would I pay more for local crops in Champaign than irrigated stuff driven more than an hour in to LA?Blah.Aside from that, this is actually a pretty great farmers market.
Big (bigger than most where I live, though we have multiple throughout the city every day of the week, so I suppose that's why) and with a great selection.
Mmm...Additional favorites: - Live folk and clarinet music- Fresh kettle corn- The waffle truck! (I will write a separate review for this).
The prices are outrageous.
Even if this was in NYC or the West Coast, the prices would still be high.
Music is a mixed bag to put it nicely.
Great place for kids to practice their violin lessons and make some good money.
Also the crowds and parking is a drag.
And it seems like the prices just keep getting higher yet people race back there even faster.
Young and talented musicians on very corner.
Lots of great places to grab something to eat as well.
Prices are a little bit higher here but it feels good to buy locally and I really like how, in my experience, everything's been super fresh.
Great market for the size of Champaign/Urbana.
It is also nice to peruse the various community groups whom are out there.
Garlic in particular seems $$ to me, but the varieties have been fun to explore and I hear tell its not as easy to grow and prep for market as onions.I will also be quite honest it's not just about the food and crafts.
I've made friends with many of the vendors and look forward to talking to them about their grandkids, their hogs not liking the left over broccoli, growing conditions, recipes, and food policy.
The community I have found on the corner of Illinois and Vine is lively, generally friendly, and safe.
It was three pick-up trucks in a parking lot.
There are more vendors, but I wouldn't call it "large". There are enough vendors selling vegetables that it is in your benefit to walk around first and compare prices and freshness.
Local community clubs.
Local music.
I really enjoy talking with the merchants, whom are all extremely knowledgeable and friendly.
It's a very fun experience and something we look forward to every week.
They have fun games for kids that help them learn about local farmers and produce also.
If you think the prices are high, make sure that you walk the whole market before you buy anything.
You can always look online for what produce they expect to have each time, so if you are smarter than I usually am, you can bring your recipes with you.This is a great place to take your (well-mannered) dog for a nice walk.
Some vendors accept credit cards, however, bring a wad of cash if you're planning on shopping.
There are artisan goat cheeses from a local farm, lots of grass feed meat and poultry, and all sorts of goodies baked by small home bakers and Amish families from the communities south of here.
Be sure to bring cash, as some vendors don't accept checks or credit cards.One word of warning: There are a lot of political and religious organizations with booths along the north edge of the Market, where you will likely be approached to sign a petition, offered flyers, and the like.
Early in the season this market is a small gathering of people selling root vegetables in an empty lot.
"Plenty of parking," Bailey B. writes.
The people were nice, there is plenty of parking, lots of food to choose from, and other vendors like soap, candles, wood-working, and the awesome t-shirt lady who makes her own designs.
This is a great place for people watchers, too.
