This is a really great market to visit on Saturday morning from May-October.Plenty of vendors selling flowers, plants, produce, cheese, honey, salsas, meat, baked goods galore, handcrafted decor items, handcrafted gift items and the list goes on!Food trucks are plentiful, sure to cure whatever craving you have.
This is where you can get produce like tomatoes for sometimes half the price!Too crowded?SHOW UP EARLY!
Obviously, you're probably not going to find cucumbers in August.
A warm spring means you might find tomatoes as early as May.
A cool summer means you might find cucumbers in August.
Asparagus and scapes in the spring.
I brave the heat for the corn, peaches, and tomatoes that are their best mid-summer.
The kale, squash, potatoes in the fall.
Offerings throughout the season include baked goods, jams, handcrafts, jewelry, soaps and salves.There's plenty of free parking for both cars and bikes.
This market is the real deal and offers an eye-popping variety of produce, meats, flowers, and craft items along with a number of fresh food vendors.
You need to get here early for the best selection of items.
Hopscotch isn't at the market this year but you can still get Kaya's goodies at Art Mart on Prospect.Today we purchased some sweet corn, tomatoes, onions, arugula and kale.
A nice selection of locally grown vegetables and fruits.
Tons of vendors from all over Central Illinois set up to share their organic and hand-crafted goodness with the local consumers.
You can find just about anything here, and if you don't, go into Common Ground nearby to grab any other local and organic items you couldn't find at the market.
From fresh flowers to honey, vegetables to abundant fruits, house plants to cutting boards, food trucks, popcorn, and more, any trip to the market will have you returning home with treasure.
Really enjoyed the lettuce,tomato, zuchinni selection!
Tomatoes are also priced at $3.00 a pound even when the vendors' tables groan with them in August.
Of course there's that airfare...I go once in a while to buy zucchini, onions, and garlic and to get tomatoes from vendors who sell the ones with blemishes for $2.00 a pound or less.
Mmm...Some of my favorite items here:Pumpkins.
It makes for a great doorstep decoration.Apple butter and pumpkin butter from the amish stand.
Delicious and only made with natural ingredients.Fresh herbs like basil, except they go bad if you don't use them immediately.Cherry tomatoes, especially the heirloom variety that come in unusual colors.
I had the privilege of trying a purple - yes, purple - variety that was savory.
Tons of fresh produce, eggs (even the duck variety), meats, and crafts vendors.
I saw everything from tacos, to chicken and waffles, to empanadas, to donuts, to barbecue.
That's not a knock on the Market, but is more a function of my love for sleep.Though today (mid-May), they only had asparagus, the selection rounds out toward the end of the summer.
I particularly enjoy sweet corn around late August.
I also like how there's a lot of non-produce stuff like meat, cheese, bread, etc.All in all, Market at the Square is a great place to go.
Fruits, veggies, dairy, meat, fresh cut flowers, jewlery, baked goods.I go every Saturday now.
Great variety of local meat, veggies, fresh cut/live flowers, cheese's, hand crafts, and jewelry.
Although, if you can suggest that people walk around the whole market before purchasing vegetables that pretty much makes it hard to argue that the market is "large".Initially my husband and I went to this market just to get fresh vegetables that we could not grow ourselves (green beans, peaches).
Every Saturday morning from mid-May until mid-November people flock to the Southeast parking lot at the mall at around 7 am to find handmade candles & clothing, baked goods, political info, artwork, jams, coffee, potted herbs, lemon shakeups, meats, locally grown produce, jewelry, music, desserts, voter registration... the list goes on and on!
Get to the market by 8:30 or 9:00 and you'll be treated to a wide selection of whatever local produce happens to be ripe and a variety of other wonderful items.
Whatever fruits and vegetables that are in season can be found here and some of them are surprising- gooseberries, currants, kohlrabi, rainbow kale, and more.
A wide variety of animal products can also be found: from buffalo meat to honey to farm-fresh eggs.
There are random stalls that sell assorted prepared foods, such as artisan bread and kettle corn.
Come early for the best selection and bring cash!
You can also get all sorts of fantastic breads, baked goods, brittle, salsa, and plenty of free samples!
There are lots of pretty flowers and some early season herbs and vegetables that will improve as the season progresses.
As farmer's markets go, this is nothing special, but it is local and, as the weeks pass, the selections of produce can reach impressive.
But that's another review entirely. my saturday mornings are now dictated by the market, i plan around it so i don't miss the chance to stock up on freshly made goat cheese from prairie farms, heirloom tomatoes from blue moon, freshly washed and picked salad greens, new potatoes, corn, apples and peaches! the prices are admittedly a bit high, but i'd personally rather pay for the fresh locally grown produce than the overpriced shipped from CA veggies at schnucks. i always round off my mornings with a stop into artmart for their cheese and chocolate tastings...its just another lovely urbana ritual that really makes me miss home less. my homesickness will blossom exponentially come november 8, whatever will i do without you market on the square?
