Only opened on Saturdays from 8AM - 12PM, there are a variety of vendors.
Just note that these vendors change or rotate on an annual basis, so when you see a vendor that you absolutely love, make sure you get their business card/contact information and/or stock up on their items!
Some vendors that have made appearances in the past were: Blankenship Farms, Treasure Breads, Maier's Bakery, Distinct Bath and Body, The Cheese People, Bee in Beezyness with God, and Jilly Bean Jar.
I really like the Cheese People, as they have a variety of yummy cheeses, like the Creamy Amish Swiss, Aged Asiago, Applewood Smoked Cheddar, and the Pistachio Log.
There was a woman who had scones, varieties of chocolate, muffins, biscotti, etc.
There was a gentleman who had a wide variety of spices and dip mixes.
A traditional bakery was onsite with giant coffee cakes and other fresh looking items.
Finally, I saw a woman with varieties of hummus.
There was a nice variety of items, but I am looking forward to going once they are outside in the hope of getting fresh fruit & veggies!
My kids got to plant beans in cups and we'll watch them sprout and grow, then transplant them to our garden.In terms of food, I spent a lot of time by the Lehman's Orchard stand, where they sell freshly made, natural peanut butter, almond butter and cashew butter, in addition to dried fruits.
Hint to the vendor: I would have tried it and possibly bought more if there was a sample available.Tibet Farms did not have much to offer but there was fresh bok choy and mustard greens.
Locally, there's Maier's Bakery with a selection of baked goods to offer.
Needless to say, I was uber excited to visit Morton Grove's own farmers' market.Several vendors boasted their berries, cherries, arugula, radishes, baked goods, flowers, and more.
Since this market just started this year, that means that there are more vendors to come in the future.I do have stalls that I frequent: El Gringo Loco (Key Lime and Garlic salsa, Pineapple Salsa, and Burn Uranus sauce), The Cheese People (Dante aged sheep's milk, Pistachio Log, Jack with fresh basil), Lehman's Orchard (dried vegetable chips), Lifeway Foods (kefirs), a vendor who's name that I can only remember has something with "Provence" in it (sea salt ciabatta bread, baguettes, chocolate and raspberry croissants).
