Such a great event!
So kid friendly!! and so much variety.
Its quite a bummer you cant bring your dog to this event, but other than that...NO complaints!
As these are small, local businesses, the prices may be a little higher, but note that you're generally paying for higher quality and supporting such! :D There's plenty of street parking and limited in the small lot.+Saturdays, from 8AM-12PM+changing/rotating vendors+across from Mb Financial bank I love the Morton Grove Farmers Market for the Tamale Express!
The staff/volunteers greeting us were so nice and made sure to make us feel welcomed.
Too cute!
;-) There was a woman with handmade bows, pencil pouches, travel crayon sets and other items that were very cute.
Instead of going to Park Ridge or Evanston, there's a place in-between.
Located in the lot behind Illinois Bone & Joint Institute, there's no shortage of parking and it doesn't require any crazy maneuvering to get into the lot either.For the grand opening, Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky, Morton Grove's mayor and trustees were present for the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
So were photo and video people to document the event.
But formalities aside, I think we got the making of a community destination for the summer and fall.They have covered Radio Flyer wagons for the kids to sit in and get towed around through the place.
There was also a cheese vendor and a sharpening service for scissors and knives on site, while you shop.While I won't stop going to my local Park Ridge Farmers' Market, the one in Morton Grove has enough unique qualities to hold its own and attract a loyal following of locals.
There is easy, breezy parking.
Face painting and great music are also regular features.
The kids are always raring to go, unlike other markets I kind of had to drag them to.I also love the setup of this market...nice and enclosed in a parking lot behind a building...easy to keep an eye on kids and kind of a party atmosphere.Tibet Farms is my favorite booth because of their delicious baby bok choy, peppers and other veggies I'd have to make a separate trip to an ethnic food store to buy.
It is such a great group of people to share ideas and work with.
Local farms from IL here and the prices, well farmers have to live too.
If you see someone at a farmer's market claiming to be certified organic, question it and their prices.
The vendors are great, as is the musical entertainment.
Parking is easy.
There are crafts for the kids, face painting... music was about to start, but we got there on the early side; oh, and great produce available too!
