Its always pretty busy, but not uncomfortably busy, its a nice spot to people watch too.Theres a nice variety of goods for sale.
Even though it does have fewer vendors, the their vendors offer some great products.
Sometimes we swing by Naperville before or after Wheaton, or when we don't feel like dealing with the big crowds and narrow aisles.
The people are really friendly, and I love giving my money directly to the people that grow my food.
We've been regulars here for years, and we will continue to come back for the high-quality merchandise and friendly vendors.
Some vendors accept cash only others cash, checks and credit cards.
Coming from Boston, I'll also say that the prices are outstanding.
None of that marked-up city pricing nonsense.
My only complaint is that I need to double my income to be able to shop here weekly.We tend to find some pretty good produce at affordable prices at our local H-Mart.
The 5th Street Station opens a small section up for the market which is nice but a piece of me thinks that they...the city...could really go all out for this to bring in more local merchants.
That, and it's not the cheapest market ever.Lots of space between and around stands, not crowded/squeezed/trampled like Wheaton; reasonable amounts of parking within easy walking distance.
Great flower stand; the $10 bouquet is a tough squeeze into our fairly-wide vase.
It has a few vendors I can't find at other markets.The mushrooms are great and reasonably priced.
Also I miss the lady who made reasonably priced, gorgeous dried flower arrangements.The fruits and veggies are top notch, and best of all there is room to walk and enjoy.I wish they allowed dogs.
I suppose some are badly behaved, but just as many people are, and we allow them in.I also love the smaller vendors.
If money is not an issue, and there are obviously enough people in Naperville for whom that is a true statement, and you don't care what you pay for your food then this is the market for you.
PHEW!Everyone's' very friendly and in recent years it has become much more crowded, depending at what time you come over.
For folks like us who love fresh veggies and flowers it can't be beat.
