Always a staple as you can find fresh breads, cheeses, eggs plus an amazing array of fruits and veggies.
Hand crafted items, flowers, soaps, candles, coffee and oh so good apple donuts.
It's bigger than I remember, and unlike DG there are not as many prepared foods etc; the focus does seem to be on the produce, though there are some booths selling olive oil, salsa, jelly, flowers, baked goods and the like.
I had some specific items that I wanted for a recipe and wanted the freshest corn possible.
The corn selection was great and the prices were what I expected to pay.
The flower vendor had a very nice selection and one again the prices were what I would expect.
The blueberries, apricots and peaches are overpriced as are the red peppers and green beans.
From fresh fruit and veggies, to bread, pasta, eggs, local honey, jams, flowers, seafood, chicken and Ive even seen game meat.
A great farmers market with an abundance of selections.
I've been totally impressed by the selection of just about everything here.
They also have flowers, meat, soap, and bread.
You can pretty much do your grocery shopping here, if you want to :) The selection changes based on what's in season (obviously) but you can pretty much guarantee that everything is going to be very high quality.Definitely one of the nicest farmers markets in DuPage County.
They have a variety of local fruits and veggies, baked breads/pastries, meats and cheeses, pickles, jams and preserves, fresh spices, soaps, and fresh bouquets of flowers.
It was great seeing smiling faces just enjoying purchasing fresh ingredients and other items.
Parking wasn't bad, I parked on a nearby street, and the selection of produce was excellent.
Many of the vendors keep a small placement on their tables and replenish once sold out.I found this strange, but that could just be me.I ended up only purchasing a couple of gorgeous cheeses: Tomato/Basil Muenster and Merlot Cheddar which both go well either crumbled in a salad or served with wine.I'll keep going to the market, because maybe I went on an off weekend but would like to see more 'umph' with the vendors and merchants.
Reasonable variety of fruit and veggies.
(Yes they got a fresh angled cut first.)Have picked up tomatoes, squashes, peppers, berries, honey, pasta, flowers here; other than one bad cantaloupe, every purchase has been excellent.Always seem to spend too much money here, and always leave feeling like I could have spent more.
There's quite a variety of local fruits and veggies to be enjoyed, which changes week-to-week based on what's in season.
There's also plenty of fresh breads, meats, salsas, pickles, jams and preserves, fresh spices, soaps, flowers, etc. to make a delicious meal or just perk up your home.Hint: the earlier you come, the better!
In fairness, I will admit that the fruit can be very good but as I indicated you will overpay for it and always check the wieghts when purchasing bulk produce.
There's a lot of produce (fresh and local!) as well as a bread tent, dried flowers tent, local honey guy, fresh flowers tent, mushroom tent, cheese specialties, corn-fed meat, and fish/seafood (from Houston).
There's also a knife/scissors sharpener and a pet charity booth.Our typical purchase frenzy may result in any combination of the following: peaches, nectarines, plums, cherries, raspberries, blackberries, local honey, broccoli, onions, cucumber, a basil plant, and preserves!
