I'm one of the few people who don't actually care for the donuts themselves but I do love how Pilgrim Church shares the donut sale proceeds with so many awesome community non-profits.
Finding nearby metered street parking can be a challenge but if you park a few blocks away and walk in to the market you should be ok.
I would like to see a little more in the way of food products you can snack on while walking through the market.
Carnivore supports local farmers and I usually wind up buying a lot of produce after I shop there.
There are lots of parking options and it's right down the street from a lot of shops and restaurants.
I usually do a lap to find out what each stall has and to compare prices.
My father took me as a child to this farmers market on weekends so it has a special place in my heart This is my local farmer's market located in the parking lot of Pilgrim's Church on Lake Street.
It's convenient that most vendors accept credit cards and of course cash.
LOVEThis is by far my favorite farmer's market....it's the right size and has a perfect amount of great, friendly vendors.
From residents playing folk music and singing to all the smell of cinnamon and sugar home made donuts!!
It's very family friendly and great for bringing he wagon to carry the kids and goodies you buy.
There's always parking and easy to get to.
My own town has a perfectly wonderful Farmers' Market but I have to admit it, the one in Oak Park is bigger and better.
Plus, unlike my town, they do not allow dogs so you can walk around without any barking or dog poo to avoid.
Fun to visit and a nice way to relax and mingle with other Oak Park locals, but most produce is very overpriced for what it is.
Is the City of Oak Park just charging the vendors too much to allow them to charge competitive prices???
There's also a garden stand that sells lovely plants, and the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable.
And past reviews also state they only accept cash.
I think that this a wonderful incentive to help steer people to REAL food in lieu of soda's, chips, and junk.
Make sure to bring some cash - while some places do accept cards, I found myself out of money and wanting more from the places who only took cash.
Support your local farmers & CSA are available.
Most vendors are from Wisconsin or Michigan, but a few are more local.
Enough said.Also, most of the vendors accept credit cards which is great.
Most vendors accept cash only, so bring that and have a great time.
This is such a gem, and one of the things that makes Oak Park so great.
But hey, a good market is going to draw a crowd, right?
It's a sign that you're in the right place.
If you get there mid-morning, expect to park a good 5 minute walk away (not that it makes that much of a difference- its a nice walk anyway) - that is of course, if you opt for some place other than the parking garage adjacent the church.Read the other reviews for more in-depth detail.
Though it's sized to be large enough to attract people from outside of the immediate Oak Park area, it still feels extremely communal and relationship based.
It's sweet and quaint, but crowd serving.And can we talk about the donuts?
Oh the donuts, oh...oh...oh....Ok, I'm done moaning about their goodness now though my tummy is still craving one.
I avoid the weekend farmers market in the city (too many people, strollers and dogs) but this one is great.
Its right on Lake Street, and its in a church parking lot so you're not on top of all the other shoppers.
Great market, and an OP institution. grandtons of organic local produce, meats, and cheese.Jams, oils, egss, and others.Donuts, bluegrass, nice people.they take cards, and you support farmers, not factory farmers.need a say more.
Besides the no dogs allowed policy, this is probably the cutest farmers market I have been to!
The prices werent that fantastic. $2.00 for a cilantro bunch?
I dont really mind though because it is supporting local family-owned farms and not big corporate conglomerate farms!
Between the gentle buzz of the happy crowd, the INCREDIBLE homemade donuts (made from scratch on site), the gorgeous flowers, and the charm of the community bluegrass band, this is my favorite thing to do on a summer Saturday morning, regardless if we buy anything from the local farms (which we always do.)As far as the produce goes, it isn't "discounted" like supermarket produce for a good reason: it is the real thing, grown by hand by farmers who do it right.
That's my only criticism, that and it could have been placed a little closer to somewhere with decent parking.
I ride my bike as much for avoiding the parking hassle as for the exercise.
Prices are a little pricey but its all organic and local and super fresh!
Such a great market and I look forward to whats to come.
RE: prices.
Or they wouldn't do it (or they would really jack up the prices for strawberries in December).
It gets really really really crowded.
We use them a lot for steak salad and I'm sure they're great for kids.
It's also nice to support the local charities and clubs that have bake sales at the market.
Actually a lot of fun even though I don't get to go as often as I want.
Great addition to the market!OP Farmer's Market is definitely not a large as Green City, but it has a heart almost twice the size!
Steve Owens Flowers (beautiful and reasonable sunflowers, lilies and mixed bouquets)3.
The organizers of the OP farmer's market are committed to supporting only truly fresh items trucked in by the growing farmer.There's a great sense of community at the market along with lots of politics, community groups and homebaked goods mixed in.
The bluegrass/folk music players are outstanding.
And I've seen people bring their instruments and jump right in.
Cute little market.
And for some reason, all the berries (blue- and rasp-) were the same prices at each vendor.
This is a small community Farmer's Market in a Church parking lot on Saturday mornings and has been going strong for 30 years!This is what small community farmers markets are supposed to be like.
Oh, and the inch layer of sugar helps too.Now, on to the complaints of prices.
If you want to experience a wonderfully friendly community market with really good doughnuts, good coffee, bluegrass jams, a fantastic flower section stop by the Oak Park Farmers Market.
A small gift from a power higher than anything we walk among on a daily basis.
Great items, though sometimes the prices are a bit high.
A great place to browse and people watch on a nice sunny day.Also, stop by the World Can't Wait table outside the Farmer's Market main area and help us make people aware of why the Bush administration needs to be impeached.
Yet, these small farms must drive here, harvest their crops, etc. they cannot compete with the chain grocery stores so you may pay a little more.
This market has been running for many years, does it get crowded-yes, are there a gazillion strollers-yes, can it be expensive-yes ... but if you don't like crowds go early, same for strollers and if you feel the pricing is high shop elsewhere.
Have fun and enjoy the experience.
Seeing kids dancing around always makes me smile.
After walking 45 minutes from my house to get here (with my small dog), I was met with 'no pets allowed'.
For as 'progressive' as oak park is supposed to be, this policy's a little stuffy (yet not so surprising, I guess).
I've been here in the past (sans dog) and some of the vendors offer really good products, but from a dog friendly perspective, you're better off going to the farmers market in Wicker Park.
I've been to many of the Farmers' Markets in the area(I lost count, but it's a lot), and I've learned a few things: Most of the vendors show-up at several of the markets each week; product does not vary much from place to place(I prefer the markets with more food than "art"); pricing is similar; parking is challenging at most of them; many of them have live music...To bottom line it: The Farmers' Market nearest you is the best Farmers' Market at the time(with some exceptions, of course).
Atmosphere - great coffee, insanely good donuts.
Live folk music for free is awesome.
People are nice, all the vendors are very friendly.2.
Prices - marked up.
Oak Park River Forest Farmers market is fun and has great prices and the quality is Excellent!
NOT EVEN SLIGHTLY local (OK - Holland, Michigan is over five hours away.
Their prices did not hold a candle to the stones that the OP farmers market shows.
Okay... 4.5 stars... they're making the donuts smaller.
Just watch for the line of people around the block.
I expected the market to be larger with more vendors and it was small but sort of spread out to look like more, no really great deals, and nothing really stood out to me.
People just come OUT for this thing and it's great to take in the hustle and bustle.
I'd love to support it more, but truthfully we are not really able to afford the fruit prices.
The vegetable prices seem a little more reasonable, but the fruit prices can sometimes boggle the mind.
I realize that they have to turn a profit, but sometimes I wonder if there is a bit of price inflation because of the assumption that all the people in Oak Park are pretty well off in terms of disposable income.
