The donuts r fresh and today was roasted corn day.
Can't wait to try out our fresh honey and real seasonings, not the salt filled choices from the grocer.
The produce is pretty good.
My favorite things to buy are the fresh flowers that are offered at a really good price and last a long time since they are fresh cut.
The ambrosia that is sold hot, fresh and in a sugary circle of fantastic flavor.
There are lots of great vendors offering fresh locally grown produce, flowers and more.
Fresh and Local.
What most isn't: ORGANIC or NON-GMO.
A few organic produce stands.
You will see that although their website states they are "organic", not everything sold here (produce wise) is organic.
They have wonderful, quality, beautiful produce and the two of them are seriously the most friendly people I have ever met.
That's $40 of fresh produce for $20 off the Link card.
The produce here are fresh, that's great, but the price is way too high at some of the vendors.
Most of the veggies and fruits were sold for $3 to $5 per pound, being not organic, that's ridiculously expensive for what they are.
You can get non-organic fresh produce at Jewel for much less, and I guarantee you they taste the same.
Locally grown is NOT the same as organic, and should not be charged as equals at this farmers market.
The baked goods are great though, since you can actually taste the difference between home made and store bought.
Fresh, organic, local produce!
I'm mainly writing this to add to my donut list, but the produce has always been of good quality and the donuts, though not the best I've discovered to date, are soft, hot and delicious.
However the cherries I bought are delicious!
We bought some heirlooms, fresh mozzarella, cheddar, corn, fresh flowers, etc.
So far, everything has been fresh and fantastic!
Everything was super fresh and yummy.
And it is local and sustainable and incredibly fresh and delicious.
They should try and get more straight up produce, and less boutique type vendors selling pricey hand made soaps and the like.
Seriously, Asparagus, Local meat, fresh bread, fresh eggs, radishes and so much more.
Some prices are higher than at big grocery stores, but not higher than organic, locally farmed produce you'll find elsewhere (and food at Whole Foods isn't as local as it appears).
All grown by farmers within a 200 mile radius.* Fresh flowers to brighten my kitchen and my day.* Donuts.
Heartland Organic Meat (just beautiful & delicious)5.
The dough-nuts baked fresh in the church.6.
I didn't get to try the donuts, but they smelled and looked amazing!
As for the doughnuts, as stated by a past poster they might not be the best tasting ones out there but the fact that the money collected goes to various community groups makes them taste that much better!
Anytime you plan to purchase organic, "picked fresh", ripe produce you will pay more.
I have often received great recipes and advice on how to best prepare the produce right from the people who grow it!
Fantastic roasted fresh corn!
Some of the most flavorful and juicy tomatoes I have ever had.
Everything is fresh and delicious.
I really can never go back to grocery store strawberries again. they are like strawberry-flavored cardboard compared to fresh ones.
There are wonderful donuts and coffee, entertaining music by local groups, and fresh produce some organic (and no it isn't more costly than Whole Foods-I don't think any place is).
I also browse around for good-looking in produce.
Occasionally I get the delicious dough nuts and enjoy the music.
Come for the locally-grown fruits, vegetables and other assorted knick-knacks.
I heard all about the donuts (and they were good, heavy but good).
They have the taste and feel of being homemade and that is a nice change of pace from a chain store doughnut.
Not the best selection, but excellent quality!
Really wonderful and fresh veggies and even a local, organic meat purveyor!
Overall, the smell would get higher marks from me than the taste, but I'm more of a glazed fan any day. fantastic farmer's market. easily accessible from the city by bus or el. the donuts ARE amazing, freshly made on site & delicious. warm, tender and sweet on the inside and lightly crispy on the outside.
The juxtaposition of a huge array of fresh fruits and vegetables and DONUTS in the morning on a Saturday is amusing -- shall I munch on a honey crisp or a white carrot OR a cinnamon donut? the donut usually wins. the sweet corn is overflowing at the front table, but it's worth elbowing your way in for a spot to pick out your choice cobs. all the fruits and vegetables here are locally grown and picked recently.
