I've been coming to Oak Park Farmers Market for 20 years and every year it has improved upon itself and expanded to offer more and more delicious and unique things like cheese, bread, honey and jams/sauces in addition to standard fresh fruits, plants, flowers and vegetables.
I would like to see a bit more variety.
The selection of vendors/area farmers ranges from fresh fruit to flowers to salsa, jellies, olive oil and meats.
Great selection of produce, flowers, cheese, etc.
Great selection of freshly grown vegetables and fruits.Cool selection of jams, cheeses and spreads.The only problems are the whole thing is cramp/stuffed into a parking lot and there is hardly any parking in the area.
The market lacks prepared food and bakery items which is disappointing.
So OP farmers market is great for their selections and location...
This market has a wide variety of produce and plants.
You can get anything from veggies, fruits, cheese, eggs, honey, jams, herbs, plants, beeswax soap and meats! ;) but don't leave without trying some of those delicious donuts!!
Nice garden plants and fresh cut flowers.
Really good selection of fruits and veggies stands.
Also fresh baked goods and cheese vendors, jellies and sweets.
Any fruit or vegetable you want, it is here, in triplicate.
Although it's not as diverse as some great markets on the Pacific Northwest or West Coast, it provides a good selection.On that note, the selection is NOT created equal.
Such a great selection: from soaps, veggies, fruit, honey, cheese, donuts, and breads... you really get all that you could ever want!
Great cheese, jams, breads, eggs/meat as well.Go early to avoid the stroller-fest - unless you have a stroller then go late so I can have some space and retain my sanity.
This is a nice small market, the flowers are fresh and beautiful, they have a vendor with the best...how do I say..I believe it's a baked cheese.
The selection wasn't that great either, just your standard tomatoes, zucchinis, green beans, and fruits like cherries and peaches.
Perhaps I'm biased considering this is within a "longish" walking distance from our home, but it's fantastic!There is a large variety of stands with a huge variety of vegetables, fruits, dips, cheeses, breads, and even meats!
So many veggie and fruit vendors, and meat, ice cream, cheese, and tons of plants.And the donuts are pretty rad, too!
Great little farmer's market with pleasant vendors, a wide variety of fresh and unique things, and the best donuts each Saturday!
My favorite is Nichols' Farm, with the yellow bins -- tons of different varieties of tomatoes, potatoes and apples in the fall.
There were a lot of different things being sold: Flowers, vegetables, baked goods.
Not much variety in vegetables.
But they taste so much better than the grocery store variety!
I got a lot of nice pictures and a lot of fresh veggies and fruit.
You will not such variety, beauty and flavor in a supermarket.
Next week I am taking pictures!!!!! i've been shopping at the oak park farmers market since i was a child. and i've been bringing my own kids here for 12 years. excellent variety and lots of great regional farmers. the best place around to find local dairy, produce, culinary herbs, houseplants, flowers, handmade preserves, honey, maple syrup and all kinds of fresh, seasonal, sustainable, edible goodies.one of my favorite vendors is brunkow dairy, of darlington, wisconsin. definitely the best squeaky-fresh cheese curds around. and be sure to arrive early for the fresh doughnuts from the pilgrim church!!!a great place to find beans, greens and asparagus in june; peaches, peppers, cucumbers and cherries in july; sweet corn, melons and berries in august; apples, pears and plums in september; fresh cider and pumpkins in october. yum!!!** in response to cameron's "delusional" review, below, i don't think it's entirely fair to say that holland, michigan isn't "even slightly local." as a professional chef, and someone who closely considers the source of my food (including carbon footprint, overall environmental impact and proximity to the ), i take exception to the idea that the oak park farmers market isn't about supporting local farmers...next time you're at the market, take a minute to talk with one of the vendors. my kids and i spent 10 minutes talking to a beekeeper (from nearby elgin, illinois) about pollination and honey production. and, believe it or not, sustainable farming isn't the most profitable career path... i have no problem paying a 20-50% premium to buy my fresh, michigan-grown cherries from a family farmer. it makes me feel a lot better than buying them at jewel, after they probably spent two weeks in a shipping container, en route from chile or mexico.as a native oak parker, i'm proud to know that our village and it's residents have supported a non-profit community market for more that 30 years. you call oak park a community of "privilege," and that may be true, to some extent... but i would argue that it is also a community with a rare sense of responsibility and social conscience. next time you want to show what a wealthy and indiscriminate twit you are, there is a whole foods right down the street...and i challenge you to find me the same quality, fresh-made doughnuts, anywhere "local." ** Commentary on a couple other posts...1.
RE: complaints that the market not that big or doesn't offer that much variety (e.g. in a review posted in June of 2008).
It is true that in the early part of the summer, there isn't much variety.
By July and August, the selection really increases.
The selection was great, the variety was ok, for the season, I can't complain.
The vinegar and honey is also so good and the flower vendors have beautiful flowers.
Spoiled cat.* Only the freshest and most in season fruits and veggies.
Instead of just the usual market fair of fruit and vegetables, flowers, herbs, cheeses, baked goods, etc., you get donuts made on the spot by the dozens if you wish.
My girlfriend convinced me to buy an heirloom tomato for $6 and yes it was by far the best tomato I've EVER had in my life, but it was also $6 so I would hope it would be very good.
Warm donuts are nice.The selection of food, herbs and plants here is fabulous.
I always find an excellent selection of herbs to plant in my garden.
I also enjoy the farm that offers selections of indigenous plants for my garden.
Go early for those and the best selection of everything else.And if you eat meat, stop by the Heartland Meats guy--it's not cheap, but it's damn good stuff.
I'll be here all week folks!)The plant vendor was nice a quite a character.
Has the selection gone down in the past years?
The fruits, flowers and veggies are pretty good too.
There's a ton of things here I could rave about, from the Brunkow cheese guy to the tomato girls giving me a morning fix of wheat thins and bloody marys I didn't know I needed.
They have cinnamon and powdered sugar varieties, but the donut base is so damn good that none of that stuff is necessary.
There are a nice variety of vendors though the organic producers are super pricey, FYI.
The bread vendor is wonderful.
Selection - This is the one downside.
I like/love organic meat. the opfm offers a fine array of fresh veggies, fruits, flowers, baked goods, etc. etc. without ever seeming overwhelming. between the friendly vendors, the bluegrass style band, the kids walking their dogs, and those amazing pilgrim school donuts, the opfm always has a warm and welcoming vibe. if you want a donut, i recommend getting there as early as possible, since the lines tend to get ridiculous. they sell donuts with powdered sugar, and donuts with cinnamon sugar, but i highly recommend the original plain variety.
I don't know.. it has a nice selection of produce from farms if you're into that.
The OP farmers market is a.) seriously limited in selection, b.)
You can find meats,cheeses,sauces,jellies,fresh flowers and plantables as well as your expected fruits and veggies.
Now as for the actual market, I was less than impressed by the selection of produce and homemade goods.
A few people had jam and jars of salsa but only about two vendors.
I was ready to stock up on fruits and veggie, and home made goodness but nothing!
Plenty of the usual suspects, lots of tomato, corn, peppers and they looked great, colors vibrant.
I love the market for it's variety of items and for the way it seems to bring the community together.
You can find some unique and interesting items that you may have never seen before -- odd varieties of onions, radishes, carrots, apples, etc. etc. and samples abound.
In addition there are many premade items (salsas, pickled things, sauces, dips, marinades), dairy, meats, juices, plants and flowers available. there's an aging hippy jammy banjo-y band that plays near the donut line.
