Having said that you can get everything a typical household will need grocery wise as there will be local food crafters-hummus, cheese, bakers, local jams and oils along with meat and vegetable stalls.
When available, the heirloom tomatoes are terrific (sold at the largest veggie stand).
Located in the Trickster Gallery parking lot, the place is always packed with a variety of vendors: veggies, fruit, cheese, breads, cakes, eggs, meat, spices, sauces, honey, coffee, a vegan breakfast food stand, and more.
I can fill my kitchen with the goods available here, and I often did.
There's a mix of farmers with fresh produce, flowers, cheese, olives, meats/eggs, bakeries, and specialty canned fruits and honey.
The farmer's market has a good variety of stands but not as vast a selection as most other markets I've been to.The parking lot can be a bit crazy but I never have an issue finding a spot.
They grow a wide variety of heirloom tomatoes, apples, and pears (obviously available seasonally) that you can't find anywhere else.
Other fruits and vegetables, too.
Plan ahead with your mowing!There are pickles, cheeses, local meat, poultry, and eggs, honey -- all sorts of good things to be found at this small market.
I stumbled upon this market by accident on a lunch break, but the variety of vendors has brought me back a few more times.
You can find everything here, such as fresh fruits & produce, meats, cheese, pastries, olives, organic dog treats, and even knife sharpening.If you're hungry, there's a stand serving made-to-order sweet and savory crepes.
I was overwhelmed by the amount of fruits, veggies, and fresh baked goods.
Their booth has the biggest and freshest selection of fruits and veggies I've seen.
The variety is endless and I always leave with more than just our CSA box.
They also have a great mushroom farmer who brings several varieties of mushrooms each week.
The farmer's market offers a great variety of fresh veggies, meats, eggs, flowers, mushrooms, fruit, and homemade jams, jellies, dressings, pickles, and teas.The downfall is that it's only open on Friday mornings, which sucks for us 9-5ers.
A lot of plants, condiments, jellies and jams.
And I was so enamored by the multi-colored potatoes from Nichols market (the biggest produce booth) that I had to buy a couple of all-blue and blood-red potatoes from them.
There are stands for: That Pickle Guy veggies - multiple stands tea dog treats meat cherry products crepes apples/misc fruit berries kninfe sharpening olives/pita cheese and more I can't rememberMy main stop is That Pickle Guy - yeah, that's the name of business.
My next trip will include a jar of the hot pickles to see what those are like.The end of the year will get you the best deals, but also the least selection.
