Generally speaking there is tons of non gallery parking available.
Pretty much anywhere you'd use to park at the nearby library or that parking lot where Dominick's used to be.This is one of the smaller farmers markets around with less then a half dozen food stalls and perhaps a dozen booths selling food.
She knows what she is doing.)There is upon occasion unremarkable local music and there can be booths about the local gardening club, the library association, the Schaumburg Park District and other local service type things.
I've been here to walk our dogs, listen to a concert and even take photos on the well-groomed, scenic area around the pond.This was once a hot scene when the Pokemon craze was in full swing and you could find people of all ages walking around while glaring at their mobile devices.Although I wish there were more dining and activitie to choose from here, it is still a nice place to come for a brisk walk, even into the late Fall and Winter months.Always plenty of close parking (for cars or bikes) available here too.
This is a small but nice farmer's market.
It's a real market with real food.
Great small town touch!
It's no Portland or Boulder, it's a small parking lot in the Chicago suburbs, but set your expectations right and you'll be happy you came.Highlights:Fresh fruit and veggPickles (OMG HI!$*^#$)Bruschetta (rumor is, there's a second guy who sells Bruschetta now, and one is slightly better and cheaper than the other -- info provided by the Bruschetta Expert aka my mum)Flowers (so pretty, but they'd die sitting in my car for hours before I go home)Keep walking:Crepes -- they're crayp.
No, thanks.I wasn't sure where to file the dog treat stand.
The products are super cute, but none of our three dogs would touch them after a brief sniff.
A lot of characters there that, if they're not too busy, are fun to engage.
However, for me, it's right on my way to tanning on Fridays during my lunch hour. :)They have some great crepes for about $7 at one stand with a super outgoing and friendly fellow manning the stand.
Most stands have very friendly workers willing to tell you all about their products.
It's located in the Trickster Gallery parking lot.
There's also stands selling snow cones, cookies, and pretzels, so not a bad place to shop and eat.The market's located right in front of Bonefish Grill and parking can get a bit crowded, but it's not that big of a deal.
All of the vendors are very helpful and friendly.
There are a lot of samples which is great because you get to try it first and this led to me buying some salsa and bread.
However, if you work in the nearby area and can break away from work for a few minutes, it's definitely worth heading to the Schaumburg Farmer's Market to pick up some local, fresh, and tasty goods.
In fact, I parked in Bonefish Grills' parking lot last Friday.
Pricing of their products is confusing and a little misleading, so beware.
(as he shoves the fresh foccacia to your face!)The large foccacia's are $10 each and seeing as I just spent ten bucks at the pasta tent, I graciously asked how much the small foccacias were. $3 each!
This a lot like a craft fair or vendor fair with some produce.Man, I'm a sucker for the Farmer's Market.
It helps that the guy is awfully ruggedly cute.
All the different farm stands are also great.
Our thanks for having these and all the other fine vendors- keep up the great work!
