Highlights include:-tons of fresh fruits and veggies- awesome cheeses from Wisconsin- the pickle guy for giardianara and pickles - hot tamales (not the candy)- delicious pies - varieties of hot sauce and spices- flowers- kettle corn- random vendors from around the area Give the Farmers Market a shot - you won't be disappointed!
In July and August, there are at least half a dozen produce vendors offering pretty much every fruit and vegetable that you could possibly want.
I would like to see more prepared-food vendors; the only option is tamales.
Flowers, cheese, olive oil, brown eggs.Then you have some of the typical outdoor-market niche products, such as homemade dog treats and goat soap.
Good selection now, much better than 3 weeks ago. 1 bad experience, 6 Generation Farms had a teenage daughter calculating costs when we tried to pay, would not say out loud how much each item was as she weighed them, then gave me a price of $28.
I was impressed with how neatly organized everything was and it didn't seem obnoxiously overcrowded like some markets can be. 4/5 stars because I really thought the variety of vendors could have been better (although I realize this isn't entirely the organizers faults).
Veggies, fruits, baked goods, jams, pasta, bread, pickles, cheeses, olive oils and kettle corn on the day I was here.
I typically always see someone selling homemade dogs treats at markets such as these, but nothing like that here.
I left with two loaves if bread from 'The Bread Man,' a lemon poppyseed loaf from Allegretti's Bakery, some cheese curds, peas and cherry tomatoes; all of which were very tasty.
There is a ton of fresh produce - more booths than i can count, a couple bakeries, a cheese booth (one of my favorites), and even fresh flowers set up everywhere.I did think some of the produce prices were a little high, but other items, like the cheese and flowers, were very reasonably priced.
The main reason I go to farmers' markets is to buy fresh, local fruit, veggies, and herbs.
I passed on the succulent-looking berries and juicy peaches this time, but they'll be there every Saturday until October 27th, so I think I have time to enjoy a greater variety of things.Also worth noting is that the market is dog friendly.
The ones that are fairly-priced have personalities to makeup for the charm-deprived vendors, in addition to having gorgeous fresh produce.Honorable Mentions go to...*Tidey Farms...wonderful folks, fresh & vibrant veggies, great prices*The Cheese People...self-explanatory, really, they'll give you little samples and turn you onto some fantastic and unusual cheeses (see photos)*That Pickle Guy...I dare you to try his Garlic Crunch Dills and not fall in love, plus his Spicy Olive Muffalata Mix is outstanding!*The Salsa Guy...but in this case it was the Salsa Guy's wife...huge selection of salsas and sauces.
She was a sweetheart and encouraged us to try all the different varieties.
They have a variety of goodies - veggies, honey, coffee, popcorn, and cheese.
Because somebody had *just put the berries in the carton,* and if they saw a gross berry, they didn't put it in there.
Plus, they have items here that you just don't see at the store, like currants.
It runs every Saturday, from May 24 - Oct. 25, from 7 am-1 pm.The usual offerings are here: fresh fruits, veggies, herbs, flowers and baked goods.
It is close to home and has all the fresh veggies and fruit that you can get at the bigger farmers markets.
