It is a bit expensive in my experience, but the whole thing is a fun family event.
The customers have a great vibe and ambiance is full of energy.
It's a good quality market, maybe a little small for the size of Park Ridge, but quite welcome.
A municipal booth with police officers and local government officials.Free street parking nearby, usually as close as right across the street.
Don't know if it was intentional, just throw out a price & see if it will get paid or just can't add in her head, either way they have lost our business for this season, other vendors to choose from.Rest of the market was nice, great blueberries out now.
Easy to find parking.
I'd like to see more children's activities or maybe a small live music trio, even some elementary students playing their instruments would be great.
A lively and fun market.
Easy parking, friendly vendors.
Lots of wonderful vendors!
This market also has guest vendors every week, if you get hungry by the wonderful smells surrounding you...a great little hot dog stand, plenty of parking in the lot or street and is completely family and dog friendly.
You may even meet some friendly faces and have a great time doing something good. #Foodie #PassionForLocal&Organic My MIL (who lives in Park Ridge) and I came here at about 9:30 am on a Saturday morning in June.
There was also entertainment; a musician on guitar and a balloon artist.
The kids really seemed to like the balloon maker as his wait was 15-20 people deep.
I've gotten quite a few complements on how the eucalyptus looks really pretty in the house, and it's a calming scent you notice when you walk in the door.I've only gone early (between 8-9), and it isn't too crowded yet.
It's small and intimate, with more of a small-town feel than a festival vibe.Last week, I was able to fill my tote with beautiful carrots, zucchini, the most fragrant basil ever, oregano, string beans, onions, and adorable purple bell peppers for under $9.
If you hate dogs (and I can't imagine ANYONE does), that's fine, too--most of the pooches seem to be regulars, and are very well-behaved and acclimated to the crowds.
Mrs. Salsa Guy even gave me a printed recipe for an additional uses for the sauce.Additionally there are other vendors with baked goods, fresh flowers, gourmet dog goodies, fresh honey, etc.This was the perfect way to start off a "hooky-day!" super cute little farmer's market.
They also have a couple of flower vendors that sell soem of the biggest roses that I have seen.
Parking is easy as well.
I do like the honey and the live music though.
For example, when I told the mushroom lady that I planned to grill the portobello mushrooms, she dug around her mushroom treasure chest and found me some mushrooms of what she considers the ideal size and thickness for grilling.
The prices ranged from a little less than what I would pay at Jewel to about what I'd pay at Whole Foods, depending on the item.
There were also some booths selling the same items from different farmers and at different prices, so you could shop around to find the best prices on many items.
I don't even know if the currants were priced well, because I've simply never found them in a store.
First, the parking is confusing.
There's a lot nearby that says, "AT&T parking only!
On the way back to the car, I saw a ton of people who had not been towed loading veggies into their vehicles.
Since Park Ridge is of course much smaller than Chicago, it isn't really fair for me to compare the two, but I can't help it.
A farmers market is one of the little joys in life, and Park Ridge seems to have a good one.
It's located in a parking lot at Prairie Avenue and Garden, just south of the Metra train tracks and east of Cumberland.
(they put up signs, for directionally challenged people like me).
Frankly, I'd rather sample salsas, but that's me).Go if you're in the area.
Prices are good and I love the cheese stand.
