I live in Pilsen, so a small, local market I can reach easily and browse around is exactly what I was looking for.
There are usually some community groups or businesses there as well - saw a dog groomer once, the Go Pilsen Initiative, local music, and so on.
It may not be worth a long haul from across the city, but if you're in the area I think it adds something very cool to the neighborhood vibe.
Since the prices are high that fact was very important to me.
And the honey is BEE-LICIOUS! (yes, that was lame).More Good News: Gosh, what a cute cultural market!
The salespeople are so sweet and friendly.
I always feel great about supporting local farmers and merchants and the bonus is I get good treats to eat.
A small market but it really makes a Sunday afternoon very pleasant, if your just lounging around the house and don't want to drive anywhere to get local organic homemade food and pastries.
All of the reviews complain that it's small, well it is.
Great tamales at the tamale stand too.
A cute farmers market if you are in the area.
It is very small (like 5 booths).
I thought the prices were pretty reasonable for a Chicago farmers.
Small market, but worth the trip.
They have a little bit of everything and you won't be fighting for things like eggs.
This market is small and quiet and just what I need.
Sometimes I wish it were a little more packed with people so it didn't feel like every vendor was watching anxiously as I round the parking lot checking others out.
But it does kinda' feel like it's my own market, like I'm a king with everyone waiting to serve me ;) And luckily the booths are run by super nice people so I always leave with goodies knowing I'll be back too.
I feel great supporting this market in it's early stages but I would love for it to grow into something larger that offers up much more options.
You can find a great mix of local businesses and artisans, including a clothing designer and my pal Tiffany, who makes silkscreened tea towels and napkins.
It runs every Sunday through October in the bank parking lot at 18th Street and Halsted.
Although we are in walking distance, there is tons of free street parking.
Dogs are welcome and the vendors rock.
I wish that it was a little bit bigger because I love being able to support local and small businesses.
Great veggies/fruits, nice folks/organizers, soy tamales, jewelry, and music. pls volunteer if you could, i did last year. this is just the beginning, they will grow fo sho.
Happy to support local folks and super-glad to have this available so conveniently.
Lots of folks will give out samples, too.
The other vendors have great offerings but the veggie truck in the back is our main shopping destination.
It's a great location!
