Great people that run this orchard.
The dwarf apple trees are really great for kids to pick apples because they are so low to the ground.
I really like this place and we will be back for pumpkins later this fall.
The produce is expensive just like you would expect for organic high end vegetables and fruit, however, there is no admission fee or other circus gimmicks which makes this a family friendly place to go on a budget.
It's so cute!!!
The take cash or card.
Great staff, well maintained orchard and amazing prices.
Kids had a great time minus all the frills!(no wagon rides/bounce houses, etc.)
Also that 1-4 people for $19 only gets you ONE bag, so children can't even carry a small bag.
Tons of apples (especially Honeycrisp), none of the poor animals sitting out in the sun that so many other places have, and the people who work here are very kind.
It's not terribly crowded, either, and they have a cute shop for lunch with hot dogs and pulled pork sandwiches.
If not interested in picking apples, there is a cute shop to purchase already picked apples.
Reasonably priced and great tasting apples.
Parking is free, there's no admission price and U-Pick apples are $19/peck.
Staff is super friendly and we enjoyed our visit!
Unlike the too big too expensive farm down road.
Great everything here.
There is no need to pay the big bucks at other places for bounce houses & utter chaos.
Good price for a peck of apples.
They had a cute store with cider donuts, honey, etc. and a pile of hay for the kids to jump in.
Easy to get to from the Chicago suburbs and reasonably priced.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
There is a parking area outside for visitors.
It's not super fancy but it's fairly cheap and it's all fresh.
We loved the small quaint orchard with friendly staff.
No overpriced entrance fees.
What a beautiful orchard, friendly people.
Reasonable prices.
Here, you won't be charged admission to enter; there's no carnival rides, no tourist traps, no overpriced concession stands.
All fairly priced, I think (at least, compared to other orchards we've been to), and, again, not too flashy.Don't get the wrong idea about there being a lack of entertainment: this place is perfect for kids, too!
I was intent on apple picking and getting pumpkins not at the local Jewel, but also not dealing with outrageous fees and huge crowds.
Lots of families but not too crowded.
However, there was no entrance fee and no parking fee, and the people running this joint were really nice.
This is a great, family run orchard.
Beautiful apples and pumpkins, yummy apple cider donuts and fresh cider, a small hay mound for playtime and a super-cute oversized chair for pictures make this the perfect place for a stress-free family outing!
