Kind of over priced for the quality of the berries and sugar snap peas.
Strawberries tasted worse than the ones you get from grocery stores.
Then you'll pass by a concession stand selling brats, hotdogs, and refreshments, and a large tented area with picnic tables.
These are sweeter than the grocery store but not as sweet as I had hoped.
So many places to get better corn.
Halloween amusement is a complete waste of money and why charge adults is loony toons.Market price is high but Apple Donuts are quite good Stopped here for fresh produce on way from Lake Geneva to Chicago.
Had a wonderful salad for lunch and mixed grill with dinner using the fresh veggies purchased.
You can also stop in the market to stock up on fresh produce and baked goods.
Hands down best kettle corn in the Chicagoland area!
The strawberries are delicious and plentiful.
The stand is cool; the donuts are delicious and this year we tried a strawberry lemonade slushie...man was it good.
Last but not least, they provide delicious apple cider donuts to refill your stamina.
Really great produce and pickles and preserves!
The sweet corn was delicious!
I enjoyed the cheese curds and sweet corn.
Quality of the pick:There were scant large strawberries left in the patch by the time I swung on by.
Apple cider donuts are delicious, warm and fresh.
Plenty of quality produce and other goodies.
Delicious!
We bought a small bag of kettle corn for $5 & it feed 2 adults & 4 kids & it was delicious!!!!!!!We walked to store but didn't really buy anything.
The apple cider donuts were fresh and delicious!
Awesome owner he's always sweet and caring for each and everyone of his his customers.
There is a market area too- bought enough fresh veggies for the week for under 9.00!!!!
The strawberry donuts were amazing ($4 for half a dozen, not bad at all for how amazing they were).
Their strawberry lemonade was also very delicious.
This place is awesome, beyond awesome, B-AWESOME!!!!!!
Great place to take the kids during halloween or a quick stop to pick up some fresh corn!
The market has local grown produce as well as produce from farms of their friends in different states.
They have THE BEST sweet corn and fantastic giant zuchinnis!
