It is a great family oriented place!
Came here on a hot Sunday before noon, and the parking wasn't too bad (on a grassy lot) or too far from the strawberry field (bring a stroller for toddlers or younger).
The ladies collecting your money up front were very nice. $13 for a larger basket of strawberries is a little pricy but it's fine because it's all about the experience here.
I feel like the ones we usually pick at Thompson strawberry farm are a little smaller but also sweeter as a breed.
During the fall they have amazing little stand s with great corn and the best cheese curds!
The prices are excellent as well for their vegetables just a great local place!
Everyone is so nice at Stades , customer service is impeccable.
We bought nice large ones for $8 and $9 each, along with some smaller ones.
I really wanted to pick apples, but the kids had their eyes set on going into the theme park.
But whatever was up her ass was coming out with awful customer service.
The corn stand people were nice though and the raspberries were sweet.
Also tons of rides for small kids and you get to actually pick your pumpkin off the vine!
The staff there was not friendly at all, we paid for our buckets and they didn't tell us where the strawberry patch was located.
Maybe it's that we didn't look like the rest of the people there, or they have a high theft in there store.
It used to be quaint and cheap, but give credit to the 'small' farmer, their business is growing and so are the prices.
This place is great!
We got in before the crowds and had no wait for any rides.
Great place to bring the family for all occasions.
There is a great kids area and market too. u pick it, farm.
Parking is plentiful and free, but I felt bad about parking on the nice grass field.
There is a for fee play area available as well.
You will thank yourself!Pricing is $3 min per person, and you have a number of choices for sizes of containers.
Very friendly staff, they will direct and help you.
The love and care that these folks have dedicated to the place is evident and something I value and respect.
Inside the market we purchased home grown beets and cucumbers, he beets were the size of a softball and amazingly sweet!
A little pricey, but the kids love it!
Concession stands only take cash.Will not go back, total rip off Great place to go with thie family We had a really good time here over the weekend.
When we pulled into the parking lot, I was discouraged.
It was a little difficult finding areas where there were an abundance of berries, but we were able to find enough to fill up our baskets.
The prices were right and they don't have the over abundance of extra "carnival" type attractions.
I don't have little kids anymore, so I didn't do the little-kid things, but they're amazing to watch.
One note, parents with little kids, Stade's is too big to fit everything in before nap time.
They're expensive so it's worth pointing out to my many fellow yelpers!
Plenty of things to do for the entire family, and the attractions were spread out over a very large area to help with crowding issues.
Such a nice place to have so close to home in our little towns and such a popular attraction to be known for in our town!
Great priced pumpkins and the the pumpkin shooters are great to watch!
By far the best pumpkin farm anywhere!!!Visited October 2016 I don't know what it is with small businesses mistreating they customers that drive 50 miles for u-pick.
Parking was easy.
There was tons of great attractions & Halloween themed things to do & we wanted to do them but an hour wasn't enough, plus we asked if it was still full price for an hour & they said yes - disappointing.
So we took the kids in the area were music was playing & the food was.
Lots of great veggies to chose from.
It's a cute little farm so I would check it out again, just not an hour before close.
We decided that for a family outing that Stade's would be a good place to try.
It was very organized and great for our family.
There are many activities for kids and lots of food if you get hungry.
Pumpkins are very reasonable and you pick yourself, which in and of itself is a very fun activity (great photo opportunity as well). beautiful grounds...strawberries weren't the best (however, we did go towards the end of the season) but we were so happy to also have the chance to pick snap peas!the fields are very well maintained and there was staff support all around. loved the little coffee/snack stand and the market was huge offering tons of veggies/fruits and lots of country kitchen items.we didn't take our little one to the amusement park but my niece and nephew seemed to have enjoyed themselves - $8 a pop though even for adults.
Sad to see the prices raising a lot and no more hay rides, over all a fun place!
I will be back later this fall in hopes I have a better experience and can upgrade my review yet again.Way overpriced and the staff could use a course in learning how to be friendly and helpful.
Head up to Richardson Farm in Spring Grove, well worth your money there and the staff is very friendly and helpful Went here for an impromptu family outing and just WOW!!!
So fresh and tons of fun!!!
We ran out of time and weren't able to go to the children's play area where they have a petting zoo and some other fun things to keep the kids busy.
The staff was over the top friendly and helpful, there were hundreds of rows of ripe strawberry plants, and the prices were right.
Just a few thoughts running through my head regarding what I'd do with all the super fresh, super sweet strawberries we picked at Stade's Farm and Market.
I thought the prices for the strawberries were pretty reasonable.
There's also a play area for the kiddos--tractor toys, petting zoo, bubble trampoline, slides and other playground equipment with a barnyard twist The staff is very helpful and friendly.
There is a petting zoo, rides, bouncing things, huge slides, etc for the kids.
The price.
Which is great for the kids but a rip-off for the parents and grandparents who mostly chaperone their little ones.
Not too crowded, layed out nicely to avoid confusion.
The market was great and reasonably priced, not to mention the delicious pumpkin donuts ;) We didn't do the rides or petting zoo but will definitely be back next year when the little one is older!
My kids love this place.
Some fun activities, the kids enjoyed it, just to much $$ for what you get.
Stade's Farm is pretty amazing for small kids.
Even though the prices have gone up, it's still a deal compared to places like Goebert's (Barrington)or Apple Holler in WI.
We used to take my son to Apple Holler when he was small and we lived in WI.
There is also more than enough parking, and it's free.( I'm looking at you Apple Holler)The store has awesome donuts and pies.
Everything is reasonably priced too!During the fall they have events going on every weekend - fun for the whole family.
We're in our 20's with no kids, and we found ourselves visiting almost every weekend for the different events and music. etc.
