Bought peppers, lettuce, tomatoes, sweet corn, zucchini, onion, and blueberries.
You have the option of taking a tractor ride out to the field to pick your pumpkins for $7 or $6 each if you buy 4 or more no matter the size (according to the website) or they have already picked ones that are priced to sell based off of size.
We did almost all the activities they had available from the pillow jump, to pedal tractors, to zip lines, sand digging, trailer maze, along with a corn maze, to a carousel, corn bin, and a few more (too much to name).
Additional things to love include a corn maze, petting zoo, bouncy houses, pumpkin and apple cannons, apple cider donuts, corn on the cob, giant tractors and so much more!
There was also tons of pick your own fruits and veggies.
Then afterwards, we went to the Market, which had plenty of farm canned classics such as apple butter, pickles, etc.
They also had a great variety of fresh produce, so our groceries are done for the week!
Stade's Farm is a nice country store for seasonal produce, selection can be limited due to everything offered being locally grown.
Otherwise a very beautiful pick your own fruits and veggies farm The BEST Apple cider donuts!
So many fun actives, everything is kept so nice, and amazing berry and apple options!
As all u-picks, they have a giant barn with the usual pie kits, apple / strawberry donuts, cider...but oh if its a hot day, treat yourself to a frozen slush strawberry lemonade flavor oh yum!
Get variety if there is any other crops available at the time.
We picked apples, raspberries, green beans, tomatoes and our own pumpkins.... the whole experience is stellar, good fun and a learning experience.
The market, the vegetables, the fruits, the baked goods, the pumpkins, the Indian corn, the mums, the decor, the activities, the parking, etc.
Their baked goods are on the dry side--zucchini bread, orange cranberry bread, and apple bread.
The apple cider donuts, kettle corn, and fresh fruits and veggies are my FAVORITE!
And the apple cider is literally to die for!
There's also a quaint market where you can pick up other fresh vegetables, homemade jams and jellies, apple donuts, and a variety of other local farm stand goods.
Strawberry Shortcake...Strawberry milkshakes...Strawberry infused vodka...
You can also purchase fresh pints of strawberries if you don't feel like picking--along with all the fixings for strawberry shortcake.
The farmers market area is limited but the specialty food items are unique and tasty.
The apple cider donuts are warm and sssoooo yummy!
We took a hayride to the pumpkin patch and picked our pumpkins (only $5 no matter the size) TONS of great pumpkins!
Also potatoes, onion, cucumbers, etc.They had chickens running around in the yard, too funny.
It is a huge farm market with a variety of different options!
I am enjoying my fresh veggies. $50 for a family of four.
Last summer I specifically remember tomatoes from Michigan.
