The farmstand, small-business ambiance is nice for summer shopping, and the barn gives it a rustic feel.The produce itself is usually quite good and fresh, and there's a fair variety to choose from.
They've got several varieties of everything, and some fresh herbs too.
In the summer they've got some great fruits and berries, and in the fall they've got all kinds of squashes, pumpkins, and gourds.
Ok, I get it, fresh picked from the ground to me, and I can wash fruit and vegetables.
I used to try to grow my own tomatoes but now I let the pros do it because I can choose from a variety of flavorful tomatoes they offer (which include heirlooms!).
Plus they have other great products like dried herb blends and jarred tomato sauces and purrees made from their tomatoes.
Nice collection of floral as well kitchen garden/herbs available.
Since they provide produce that is local and in season other items such as dill, and basil seemed slightly withered (it's been getting chilly).
Lots of peaches, no apples that I saw.
Small but relatively decent selection of pears, and about 9 different types of garlic.
Also blueberries, peppers, flowers, herbs, melons, eggplants, leeks, onions, homemade vinegar blends and honey.
They only sell the vegetables they grow themselves, but in the past few years they have also allowed a few Michigan farmers to set up a small tent a couple days of the week to sell their berries, peaches and apples!Fresh vegetables and fruit, without the neon lights and frigid temps of the nearest grocery store?? sign me up :) I love the concept of The Farm.
They had none, but I did leave with some of the fruit lady's delicious peaches.
For that reason it is somewhat limited to what they grow: corn, onions, peppers, tomatoes, zucchini, cucumbers, squash, beans, melons and herbs mostly.
There were about 15 fruit/veggie stands in front of the barn with corn, eggplant, cucumbers, tomatoes, zucchini, and melons.
We bought 3 huge zucchinis, 3 huge eggplants, 3 huge cucumbers, 7 ears of corn, 1 canteloupe (the best we've ever had from anywhere) and 2 large tomatoes.
The only thing that seemed a bit pricey were the tomatoes. 2 large tomatoes were almost $1.00 'each' - maybe because I only bought 2?
