They also sell homemade gourd birdhouses, locally sourced honey, and oils infused with fresh herbs.The prices are fair, but what you really go here for is the feel and shopping experience.
The teenagers working here always look like they don't want to be there and can have a pretty sour disposition (there are worse summer jobs than working in the fresh air at a farmstand, aren't there?).
I'm certainly glad we came upon it. great, picked in the am and bought by noon, cannot get any fresher then this, for the idots that complain veggies are dirty, they are Fresh picked thats why, if you had a garden you would know, but since you dont' go by your veggies at the grocery store where it comes from mexico and sprayed with ddtI cannot believe how stupid and dumb and use the complainers are, you have nothing better to do then complain about a good product, I come here from park ridge il We have been shopping here for several years and in the past have been pleased with their produce and diversity of product.
This year I have to say prices are up and quality is down.
But I don't expect to pay above competitive prices and settle for mediocre quality at the same time.
How fresh could that be.
Well, how great is it to have access to LOCALLY grown farm fresh veggies July-Oct?
The sweet corn is picked fresh daily.
Come out, fill a bag, and taste what tomatoes, cucumbers, beans and corn are supposed to taste like when picked local and don't lose flavor traveling across the country to the super market.
While most things are fresher than what you would get at the grocery store, not everything is.
When I went earlier today, as soon as you parked and got out of the car you would smell this fresh, slightly sweet aroma.
The smell reminded me of summer barbecues, fresh juicy watermelon, and gingham picnic table cloths.
Every time I stop by to pick up some fresh veggies, this place is always packed!Deals to get:Fresh Sweet Corn - super cheapEggplant - the freshest you'll find anywhere Tomatoes - quite juicyThumbs up!
Short of driving out to the fields and picking the corn yourself, this is the freshest corn you can get.
I've been getting fresh corn and other vegetables from "The Farm" for years, and they never disappoint.
In addition to them not having what I'm looking for, some of their produce looks plain gross and/or is mildly expensive.
Their corn was pretty expensive compared to the grocery store across the street selling home-grown Illinois corn, 50 cents an ear at The Farm and 10 cents an ear at Westbrook Market.
I think in this country we don't know what really good fresh produce should look like or taste like, so people thinks it's great. the sign says "the farm" and it has a great location so people think it actually comes from thier "farm". I suspect they operate like a middle man.
It's overpriced for the quality.
You can pay as much or less at Whole foods and the quality of produce there is generally very good.
Their produce is wonderful and plentiful.
The freshest in-season produce in town!Sweetcorn picked daily.
I'm surprised dan (previous reviewer) "nothing stood out"? really? did you eat the produce before the review??? cause I have and everything stood out! i don't know where to start! the melon omg was like a little taste of heaven so sweet and juicy. corn that doesn't ask for butter because its so deliciously rich with flavor, the tomatoes made my BLT to die for. sure i could go on and on cabbage made my coleslaw scrumptious. eggplant ditto. i go to the one on 63rd and cass. after getting my veggies i drive down the road to whole foods for my meat. i am just amazed that anyone would pay the prices at whole foods for "locally" grown veggies while the farm is just up the road with better pricing choice etc. when neighbors plant veggie gardens I'm curious is it an ardent hobby they enjoy? i hope so because when you can just make a short trip and buy the best farmed veggies why the heck would you otherwise bother spending all that time and labor.
