Easy to walk to or park spot in the west loop.  High quality heirloom tomatoes, squash, peaches, and other fruits/veggies.  Since I found the market, I buy so much here every week that I can't even eat it all over the week!

Prices are very reasonable for organic and quality is very high.This market is very small.  Not many vendors but it has a great selection of vegetables.  I stopped by on a nice summer day and bought lots of heirloom tomatoes!  I would go here again.First time checking out the Green City Market on Fulton. Small but nice Famers Market for a early morning Saturday stroll. Was hoping for more flower venders, mostly fruits and veggies, a local pie shop and bread company. Walking distance from Glazed and Infused donut shop along with a few good restaurants for brunch/lunch. Picked up beautiful Tuberose, I would definitely check out the market again to see if the venders change weekly.So very happy to have this in my neighborhood.  Please spread the word in the West Loop and support this wonderful farmers market.  I can get all of the things I need to prepare a fabulous, seasonal meal and it's just blocks from my apartment.  The hardest thing is limiting my purchases to what I can carry home on my bike!  Please tell all your friends and neighbors to check it out!A great location that meets an empty spot in the West Loop. Fresh fruit, vegetables, and everything else you'd expect to find at your local farmers market is here. Let's hope it takes off!Finally!!! A neighborhood farmer's market! Not quite as big as the Lincoln Park one but has a great selection of vendors. My favorite is the first one to the left of the entrance, their fruits & veggies are super fresh and excellent quality. As soon as I bit into the cantaloupe I vowed to never eat another supermarket one. Love!!!This place is amazing! Love the food and the ambiance. It's the perfect place to hangout with friends and stuff your belly with delicious food. It's great for big groups. Our party of 18 was well accommodated and everyone had a great meal. My only distasteful experience was be movie they were playing on a giant screen. They were playing A Clockwork Orange where there's a scene of a woman being raped by a group of men. She was completely naked and our table was so overwhelmed we almost all got up and left. They immediately turned to another movie. I wonder if they would not have if we didn't complain about it, but I'm glad they did. It just shocked me that they would choose to show a movie where a woman was being raped and completely in the nude. I'm so glad the family with kids left 30 min prior to that scene. Will definitely come back for more. Unless that movie is playing.This market is great.  It is small enough to be stress free yet there is a variety of fruits and vegetables, baked goods and flowers and I always can find what I want.  There is parking for a fee and the Halsted bus stops right on the corner of Fulton & Halsted.  It's a neighborhood market that's big enough for the West Loop.  The only thing I would like to see is someone selling herbs.  Nichols has them sometimes, but I would like to see someone who has them every week.
   
It meets all my criteria for a great farmers market:
Has a diverse range of high quality foods - check
Connects me with local producers and farmers - check
Supports small family farms - check
Vendors are passionate about their products and share knowledge with customers - check

This week I got smart and brought my grocery cart so I could load up on honey crisp apples.  Hope the market is back again next year.