I was driving by and saw the sign out for fresh sweetcorn, so I decided to check it out!  There was a big pile of corn ears on a table.  There were also plenty of bags available to put my corn into.  They also had a large bin near by where you could remove the outer leaves and corn silk.  (The Jewel doesn't do that for you!)  I liked this because I never really knew what to do with the outer covering when I clean corn at home. It's always such a messy job.  As an added plus, when you clean your corn there, you can examine the ears to make sure you don't get any that are either underdeveloped or have corn bores.  (None of my ears had anything wrong with them!) They also had fresh tomatoes, squash (yellow and Zucchini), string beans, large melons  and other fresh vegetables and fruit.   The girls at the checkout counter were friendly and quickly rang up my order.  
They also had a large assortment of jams, local honey and canned vegetable available along with olive oils and other condiments.  (I didn't need any of those so I can't comment on their quality, but they looked good!
This is definitely a local gem that I will be stopping at again as the summer progresses. They have the best sweet corn, hands down! I only buy my corn here and go frequently to purchase it, fresh out of the fields. I also buy a lot of their fresh produce, and started buying the jars of cherry pie mix which made the best cherry pie I've ever had. I buy my flower and vegetable plants here every spring. They have a big variety, and it's so easy to shop in their greenhouse. Very friendly employees. This is a must-try if only for the sweet corn! I'm not sure what I had expected coming into this place.  For some reason I had grandious visions of fresh fruits and vegetables piled to the eaves.  For that I was let down.  However, the small amounts of produce that they did have looked so fresh and delicious.  They carry tables and tables of vine ripe tomatoes of many varieties.  They have an enormous table full of sweet corn that you can shuck right there in the stand.  They have a vast variety of canned items such as pumpkin butters and salsas and the like.  Buckets of onions.  Baskets of green beans, bell peppers, jalapenos, squash and zucchinis and more.  I was just expecting more quantity of each.  Granted I arrived around noon on a Sunday and I'm sure most of the product had been picked through and purchased already.  I was not too impressed with the prices either.  I purchased 8 green peppers, 3 cucumbers and 2 red onions and it was right around $11.  I'll be back.  I've heard phenomenal things about their sweet corn.  I'll be sure to get some next time. This place is great!! Once you try the fruits and veggies you will know what I mean! There's an assortment of meats as well as jarred goods. Every time I have stopped by there is something seasonal at the store. This is not Amish Farmers store. Is mix. I found some products from the market in Chicago. A lot products from regular stores with very high price.  Nothing different than Rich Or Jewel Inot go for fakes products Yesterday I went in to buy chicken and one of the ladies that was serving the chicken had a glove on 
One  hand and didn't  on the other  and she was touching her her running nose with the bare hand then I asked her if she could go and wash her hand and she's said  "No me no wash hands it's good" then I said then I don't want the chicken. She she put a new glove on the bare hand. I think they should have some training of how to handle food properly for safety. I asked  the cashier to see the supervisor and she said no supervisor or manager here. This is the best Amish store. Best meat, it's so fresh  , it's far from me but it worth it! Whole Foods is price and this is much better. Fresh,FreshFresh! The products that were available were high quality.  I'm assuming that the lack of variety is due to the current season and I understand that. Hoping that spring/summer brings a little more of a selection.  Staff was a little cold but helped when I asked for it. Will be coming back. Love this place. Great for those who like to "hunt" their food to be in the most natural state and freshest possible. This is a tiny store that sells Amish produce and other staples like cheese, jams and breads.  The prices are extremely fair to say the least.  I picked up
a bag of raw almonds was $1 and a cup full of flax seeds was $1.50.  While small, the store offers a great organic selection for those nearby and don't want to pay crazy high prices at the big stores.  I was really impress. Love Amish Farmers. Have been shopping there for a couple years now. Love getting my farm fresh organic cAge free eggs!!!! The butter is amazing, so happy I don't have to drive to Wisconsin for it. Have not had any bad vegetables or cheese from here. It's a great little store for the area. My only issue (and yes I get it's a mom & pop shop) but the people working in there don't seem to keep to the standards for working with food. I have no bought any meat or poultry from there. The women who ring at the register do not speak English very well and always assume I am polish and speak to me in polish. Today there is a sign in English and polish that they are looking to hire a woman only, part time. Not to mention some of the people who shop in the store are rude and have no manners. Look for farm fresh go, but just be patient with the other patrons. Oh and the price for everything in the store is just right!!!! The staff is not very helpful or very friendly.  Their certainly not Amish.  There isn't anything else like it in the area, so with it's limited selection, I guess it is what it is. I love supporting local businesses but this place is a little overpriced on their veggies even if they are organic. When I walked in there were two employees who barely spoke any English and only one customer. 
I browsed around, but the store is pretty small so it was a short trip. Picked up a couple things and headed to the register where I proceeded to wait for the next 10 minutes while they stocked their fridge with meat in the interim 4 or 5 more customers walked in and they quickly ran to take care of them while I continued to wait. 
Finally about 15 minutes later the same girl who was serving meat came over to the register and asked me if I was ready.
Which I would like to assume so, since I had just waited almost 25 minutes to ring up a container of white pepper, butter, eggplant and gizzards. Before I left the store I realized of the 4 items she had only given me 3 charging me for the eggplant but forgetting to bag it leaving it on the scale.
In the future I'll just hit up a local Mariano's, whole foods or traders joe's for better prices and quicker customer service. They have local and organic produce, from Illinois and Wisconsin. Their array of local goats milk products is really impressive, I sacked up and tried some goats milk keifer....frigging delicious. The butcher counter is likewise very impressive, I am completely intimidated by the fresh duck and trout. Time to bust out The Art Of French Cooking Vol II. I found a 50lb bag of potatoes from Plover, WI last week. Your Idaho potatoes are inferior, look at them with disappointment. I've been to this little market twice now and I LOVE it. Fresh organic produce, grass-fed meat and dairy, organic honey, Himalayan salt, organic whole spices, tea, coffee and they also make some traditional Polish products like galetka (sp?) and kiska (blood sausage or think black pudding)...it's honestly a thrill every time I'm there.

In all honesty I will tell you that I purchased their grass-fed eggs there that I'm assuming are pasteurized (being sold retain and all) and although they were extremely yummy they did not compare to my raw grass-fed eggs I usually get at the farm. They were not as orange and full which will lead me to believe that the ones in the market here are grass-fed (perhaps grain supplemented and pasteurized) which change the appearance of the yolk. Nevertheless, they are still better quality than in a mass marketed store.

The kiska was phenomenal, the cherry tomatoes succulent and sweet, the mushroom fresh and firm. There is also a very nice selection of smoked & cured sausages.

I would recommend anyone to check this local family owned place out. JUST GREAT  STORE!  My family  is going  there  for almost  a  year  ,we love  the products,  everything  is  fresh  and it  last  longer  , meat  is always  fresh  and you  can  taste  the  difference!  They  also  have milk  produce  we love butter  and whole  milk  is actually  whole! You  also  have  to  try  bread  Awesome  ! Pricing  is in range  of  Jewel  Osco  . The best  time  to  visit  is Friday  late afternoon  or  Saturday  that's  when  they  have  the best  selection  ! Love this little store! Always fresh food and veggies; awesome whole grain bread. They're constantly expanding their selection. Stop by and give this small; family owned business a try! I stumbled across this wonderful little store just yesterday and it was doing a good business for a Sunday afternoon. The product selection and atmosphere was absolutely delightful! They carry a nice selection of local, natural and/or organic produce, great cheeses, fresh real meats, eggs, dairy and sausages. It was real cool seeing all of the sausages hanging behind the meat counter, just like you find in European markets.  I was blown away by the good pricing. I saw organic apples for $1.50 a lb. I bought three dozen free range brown eggs for $7.70. Try doing that at Whole Foods! The employees were friendly but spoke little English, which was fine by me as it enriches the experience for me. If I wanted Same-o, Same-o, I'd go to Jewel. Love this place! So happy I walked in couple weeks ago. Won't go anywhere else to buy meat, fresh vegetables and fruit. Homemade jelly, butter and organic milk are awesome! And I don't think this place is overpriced! I don't mind paying little bit more for healthy food. Ah summer! The time to get fresh food and shop local! I am extremely surprised that no one has reviewed this farmer's market. It is one of my favorite ones. It is only open one day a week on Wednesdays from 7am-1pm in the downtown Ravinia area. In this market they have a wonderful selection of vendors who sell fresh produce and baked goods. My personal favorites are the French Nuns from the West side of Chicago. They make amazing chocolate croissants and French bread. In addition, I also love the company My Tea Paradise. They sell individual organic teas that make a gallon of ice tea or 15 cups of hot tea. If you love farmer's markets like I do, this is one you must go and check out for yourself. Delighted to have a farmers market behind my home but selection is very limited and ready to food is just OK and pricey.

The Ravinia farmers market is just a few steps from my home, and I love going to it with my family on Wed mornings. However, it is very limited in its selection, and although we typically are disappointed in the pricing, we always get roped into buying something unplanned every week... If it's not cheese, then it's berries, or green leafys, or even crepes for brunch.

While the produce is fresh, it isn't any better than whole foods and certainly not in the same league as our organic farm share boxes from Angelic Organics.

The cheese section is small and the cheddar was just OK - bit on the pricier side too.

The Magic Crepe stand is fun, with great service but the crepes themselves are just OK. The batter is a little on the bland (safe) side, and the crepes need to be a bit more crispy to be serious eats. The fresh fruit crepes are better than the ham and cheese, but hey do tend to add mediocre quality chocolate or caramel sauces on top that do it a huge disservice.

Needless to say, since it's my neighborhood farmers market - which I am grateful for - I will continue to patronize it, but carefully and in small quantities :) When it comes to farmer's markets I'm like Goldilocks. Some like Daley and Green City are great but too big...a human ant farm. Some are like Lincoln Square and Muscatine are too small. This one, however, is just right!

Cozy, welcoming, never crowded. And with a tidy collection of much needed selections. 

Duhviously there's the produce and flowers- the staples of every FM. And those are good. The variety of apples, tomatoes, and potatoes are stupendous. All the other seasonal stuff is the usual jive but the myriad Michigan berries are big and juicy. The flowers though not very plentiful in kinds, are very good quality and priced well. By that competitive for a FM on the NS and most the same price Sonora simple. Some tasty WI cheeses are sold. They also sell fresh and natural dog bones (bones for dogs) of different sizes (alas G is too small for the smallest) so you can get fido a treat.

The highlights to this reviewer are the the soup and salad guy who only uses super high quality ingredients and employees people in need ( those in transition or differently abled) also the knife and blade sharpening guy! So warm, charming, and great prices. They know their stuff too! 

It's open from 7am to 1pm Wed from spring to fall. Don't be a grumpy old bear and stop on by! Well, I knew it would be picked over by the time I could make it here, and it was. Regardless it's a cute market with lots of organic finds like...gulp...4 hot dogs for $8! My kids wanted to each pick out a fruit. Unfortunately they wanted apples but there were only Goldens. To a kid, that's just too unusual to try. One of the vendors let them sample a peach. I loved it, but they weren't into it. Tip...now is the time to get your peaches, because they are in season. I ended up with a yummy bunch of beets for $3.50, and I can't wait to throw them in my salad tonight. At this market you get what you pay for. Huge blackberries, tomato varieties, olive oils, beautiful flowers, and a cheese vendor too! I believe if you come at lunch time you can pick up a prepared sandwich, but they were gone when we got there. Sure you can get things cheaper at Whole Foods, but there's something good about supporting your local farmer. My grandfather was one. 

Tip: Get there early to get the goods! This Farmer's market is small, but has a nice variety of products.  The cheese people have fantastic cheese if you don't mind paying a bit more for cheese.  I'm hooked on the fresh blackberries from Coloma MI.  The croissants that the nuns make are heavenly(Even my children can tell the difference between these and the ones from Costco.). Best farmers market in area.  I'm able to visit after work unlike the other farmers markets in the middle of the day.   And they have so many vendors.  Cheese is me favorite Had the best fresh Salmon there as well as melt in your mouth cheese!  The baked goods are plentiful and delicious. Its so worth the trip. Highly recommended. I don't go to many farmers markets, and the first time I went to this one I was underwhelmed. It was in very early spring, or maybe it was early summer actually, and there were very few vendors there. So my next visit wasn't until the summer and boy what a difference. Once the summer kicks in, there is quite a variety to choose from.

The produce itself can be really really good or really underwhelming. Sometimes it is hit or miss. The other things of the farmers market, like Lesters Bison and Nana's Rum Cakes and Wildflower Bakery and the wine tastings they have really help to balance out all of those nutritious fruits and vegetables-makes it worth it. It's all about balance, right?  ha ha

One of my friends turned me onto the Lesters Bison vendor, and I will say if you're trying to cut back on fat and calories and cholesterol, this is the way to go. So now instead of using ground beef, I try and pick up some ground bison. We also tried the bison patties already formed and they were really great. We weren't sure what to expect but I kid you not, very flavorful and  juicy. If this was regular ground beef and it was that thin, it would have been dull, tasteless and dry- the difference was very surprising. They also have tons of cuts of steak (ribeye was of course delish), and other choices like elk, etc. 

Let me just say this for the record: get your ass to Nana's Rum Cakes! You will not regret this. This is rum cake on a whole nother level. The couple that sells them, one of which is Nana, is charming, delightful. And I love supporting local business, but the spectacular taste of these rum cakes is what keeps you going back. I'm an addict for life now. I like the plain-vanilla or  the plain-vanilla with nuts, but my husband is a drag and doesn't like the nuts, hehe, so I sacrifice for him. ha ha While the chocolate rum cake was okay, we both agreed it was not as special. But the plain-vanilla and with nuts is not to be missed. 

The market is especially lovely in the late summer or early fall. Two days ago it was just gorgeous. And there are a lot of vendors to choose from. You can go to their website and see which vendors will be there which week. It's very user friendly. 

Summer hours are 3-7 on Wednesdays, but they are soon switching for the new fall schedule which is on Saturday (mornings, I believe?), so hit up the website for hours.

Why aren't you there yet?? Nana's waiting for you; don't disappoint Nana, people. Small, but packs a punch!  Great spot to get things like smoked fish, grass fed beef, local produce (somewhat limited, don't expect to get all your groceries, but things like mushrooms and potato are definitely here!).  There are a couple hot food stands, and some great local things like soaps, candles, granola.  Check it out!!! It's taken me a while to write a proper review for the market, but here I go...The farmers' market is one of the highlights of this town.  In the summer, the market is on Wednesdays from 3-7pm, and this past winter was the first ever winter market, approximately one Saturday per month.  

The summer market seems to get bigger every year.  There is, of course, lots of local produce and flowers, but there are also baked goods, candy, pasta, cheese, meat, fish, snack food, honey, soap, olive oil, tea, wine, as well as food vendors selling snacks to be eaten at the market.

The winter market, despite the cold/snow and being much smaller than the summer market, was surprisingly good for its first attempt.  There was a good sampling of the above vendors, minus the produce.  I give the vendors that stuck it out in the cold a lot of credit!

And now, for some of my personal favorite market vendors:
-peaches and berries from the fruit vendor from Michigan
-the cheese vendor from Wisconsin
-the organic produce vendor from nearby Prairie Crossing
-all sorts of apple goodness from an orchard in Harvard
-addicting snack mix from Gurnee
-yummy toffee from Cynthia's Sweets in Grayslake
-baked goods (especially the olive rosemary bread and cinnamon buns) from Wild Flour Bakery in Milwaukee
-pasta from Pasta Sue (especially the gnocchi) 
*and my most favorite: traditional French pastries made by a religious order of French sisters in Chicago.  The nuns spend hours in the hot afternoon sun in full habit selling the pastries to help fund their charity work in Chicago.  They are lovely, generous, and excellent bakers! great Job!  It takes a great effort to keep a high quality market going year after year.  Congratulations!  Looking forward to the 2010 season.
If you reading this then you are interested.  It will be worth it! Always fun and always great vendors. Would prefer if there was some vetting - like local produce only and none shipped in (which just seems decieving at a farmers market, no?) and they really need to move the vendors further into the street to keep it less crowded if they keep the same setup as last year but all in all it is a million times better than a grocery store any day! Boley's Farm is located at 151st Street and 81st Court. It is a small farm of just 5 acres that the Village of Orland Park purchased a few years ago through its open land acquisition program. The village's open land program prevents many of these historic properties from being gobbled up by developers for a few more houses. While the farm is named Boley's after the founding family, the village rents it out each year so a farmer can sell fresh fruit and vegetables during the summer months. It is currently operated by Hank's Farm Stand. 

This is a delightful little farmstand stuck right in the middle of a residential neighborhood...this makes it special as many people miss it but it is worth the trip to find it. Their fresh corn during the height of the Illini Sweet season is the best anywhere. Besides the usual fresh produce, they also stock honey, jellies and jams, and other products from Amish farmers downstate. Whether you are looking for just a few of these or those...or want a bushel full for canning, this place can satisfy your needs. The people here are wonderful. Highly recommended. Hank and Bev run the farmstand.  They are super friendly.  The produce is always fresh and delicious.  The old Boley Farm is one of the true gems of the southwest suburbs. I absolutely love this farm great produce and wonderful sweet corn and the Amish salsas and pickles and jam are great also. Once you come you will back again and again. Movin' to the country gonna eat a lotta peaches
Movin' to the country gonna eat a lotta peaches

Mich-i-gan Peaches, peaches for me!
Mich-i-gan Peaches, peaches for free!

The Willis Farmer's Market is on Thursdays in 2011 from June 16 until October 6, from 7am-3pm.

Not much of a variety here, but there is usually a Michigan farmstand with a good selection of corn on the cob and peaches. I wish they were free! But be nice, and they'll toss in an extra peach! 

There are a few vendors with cooked food you can get for lunch, too.

I like the Mother/Son flower vendors from St. Anne- same ones as at the Logan Square Farmer's Market. Buy some nice flowers for that someone special...on Thursday! I really really like this Farmer's Market.  

First - it opens earlier than a lot of the others and stays open later into the fall.  Of course there isn't as much there during the early spring and late fall (given where we live and growing seasons in the region) but they still have the local meat and cheeses and breads.  

Second - it's more than just berries and flowers.  So many of the markets are really limited.  This market has all sorts of seasonal goodies (fruits and veggies) plus, as mentioned above, meats, cheeses, herbs and other local products.  Definitely a Community Market in the truest sense.

Finally - it may be hidden, but it's really easy to get to.  On  a nice day, it's a great bike ride.  And if I'm lazy, there's always plenty of parking nearby.   And whether I bike or drive, I get to head home through nearby Jackson Park which always puts a smile on my face. I live down the street from this market, and I enjoy the healthy hustle-bustle it brings to our Woodlawn neighborhood every Saturday morning. 

Things sold here include: Fruit (cherries, blueberries etc.) oils, vegetables, meats (pork chops, roast bratwurst, etc.) tea blends, frozen yogurt, bread (sourdough, ciabatta etc.), jelly & jam, pies, salsa, nuts, and cheese. Fairly pricy, but you get what you pay for, I suppose.

PARKING TIP: There is a UChicago parking lot at 61st and Kenwood,  behind the AT&T building, that does NOT require a parking permit on weekends. Probably not the brightest idea to share this, given that I sometimes have to park there myself due to the chaos, but there you go. Please save me a space! :) The vendors were pleasant and friendly, if a bit fewer in number than I anticipated. The goods are a bit pricier than I expected, but it is the closest one to me since the South Shore one closed up shop. I think it might expand a bit as the season goes on, but I got some nice asparagus for the grill, farm fresh eggs, and my mom enjoyed the apple cider.

I loved all the pastured meat options and free range eggs. There was even artisan sourdough and cheeses. Quite a few of the offerings were available to order and have delivered, rather than being on hand. There were goodies ranging from handmade ice cream, to rhubarb, to apple cider donuts, to king trumpet mushrooms. And, at the back end was a wood-fired pizza oven, cranking out all manner of tasty pies. I'll definitely return! As I enjoy local Farmer's Markets, it was a pleasant surprise to find this one near my employer, the University of Chicago (its located a block from the Midway Plaisence)..  

I went one recent Saturday and found a small number of vendors selling items from their vegetables (asparagus is in season this time of year) to breads as well as a few folks who were selling menu items.  I ended up getting a crepe from one of these folks which was made with fresh greens, mushrooms, pinto beans, and cheese.  I topped it off with a cup of coffee (serve yourself, honor system) from another vendor.  On the way out I bought a loaf of Oatmeal bread from another local vendor.

All in all it was a pleasant way to spend a bit of time on a Saturday morning.  I'll have to come back from time to time to see what else they have to offer.  In addition, they also have cooking classes here which might be helpful to some. this is one of the best farmer's markets in Chicago. They have a good selection of produce and a wonderful atmosphere. There's cheese, bread, and fresh flowers. parking is good and it is not crowded. This farmer's market is so cute and friendly.  It's in a nice peaceful spot right behind a community garden.  It was so nice to be outside enjoying the weather Saturday.  And there was a nice assortment of goods available.  I didn't even know people sold meat at farmer's markets, but there were 2 different tents with different cuts of organic meats.
I can't wait to see what kinds of produce are available during the summer! I guess I'm a spoiled Californian, too.  

It's really small and there isn't as much variety as I'm used to.  It's also more expensive than I'm used to.  However, the produce is still really fresh and of good quality.  I guess I'll go again if there are no better alternatives I LOVE this location.  They have a great selection and atmosphere.  Easy to find parking!  SO glad we have such a great market on the south side!!!!

It says on this page that they don't accept credit cards, but that's not true.  There's a station where you can give your credit card and get farmers market cash in return.  You can use them at any point during the market season. It's small but there are some great people and great finds here! I racked up at River Valley Farms. I really enjoyed the spinach artichoke dip, apricot- chile sauce, veggie burgers, butternut squash ravioli and blueberry lemon compote. My favorite items from River Valley were the cranberry chutney and wild mushroom burgundy pasta sauce-deelish!!!!!! The lady selling the goods was very nice as well.  Pleasant House Bakery was there the day I went. I grabbed a couple of pies and some arugula. I don't know if this will be a regular thing for them. Anyway, those are some of the goodies that I got but there were also pastries, breads, fruits, veggies and demos as well. Why not head on over ? Great intimate community Farmer's Market. Excellent Variety of Vendors incl produce, Cheese, floral, Made to order omlettes & tacos using market produce, Cooking Demos, Market School education. Accepts link & will double your value. $1 Coffee, raffles. Well organized, fun place to spend Saturday morning. I really enjoyed stopping by this farmers market today.  Its still early in the growing season and I am excited to see the selection expand as more fruits and veggies become available. I totally dig that they also offer meat, eggs, and dairy, also produced locally and organically. And the community garden is fantastic. 

What a amazing little secret tucked in a little corner in Woodlawn. I will be stopping by here throughout the growing season. 

I also recommend stopping by the backstory cafe which is just around the corner. It has been at least a couple of years since I last tried this market, and in that time the folks at Experimental Station have nurtured it into a fantastic venue!  Fresh fruits and veggies, breads, pastries, eggs, flowers, cheese, meat products, a taco stand and a crepe stand.  The number and quality of offerings is outstanding, especially for the south side. They even have a market dollars service, where you can purchase coupons with a debit or credit card, a great service for someone like me who rarely has much cash in his pocket. The Experimental Station on 61st and Blackstone has really blossomed over the past few years. I would like to think that my bringing the Bread and Puppet Theater from Glover, VT, to their space in 2006 helped launch this new era, but whatever it is, the recent developments are making me happy! 

While it took a few weeks for this market to get on its feet, the result is pretty darn good. It's on its way to becoming a smaller version of the organic mecca Green City Market in Lincoln Park, but it has that close-knit Hyde Park community feel that really warms my heart. Because it's not as crowded as other markets, you really get a chance to talk to the farmers, which is great. 

My top picks: the much coveted tomato jelly from Tomato Mountain Farm, triple cream brie with apricots, almonds, and honey from Brett Stamper Cheese, 8-grain bread and eggs from Bruno's organics, veggies from the oh-so-local Windy City Harvest in North Lawndale, and the trail mix scones from the Bleeding Heart Bakery. The last time I was there, Bruno's was selling shares for its raw milk. While I'm still on the fence about the product for myself personally, I strongly believe that subversive farming practices are what is going to save the world. 

After shopping at the market, be sure to pop into the Backstory Cafe for coffee-it's delicious! Another bonus is that you can buy some groceries and get a minor bicycle problem fixed around the back at the Blackstone Bike Shop. A super great place to get fresh fruits & veggies and other items as well. Friendly people and a great way to support a small business The Farmer's Market has moved indoors for the winter!
Saturdays, 9am-noon.
November 8-December 13.

Details here: http://www.experimentalstation.org/node/118 Great farmers market to have in the neighborhood.  It's small enough to keep busy but not to a point of anxiety.   It has a great selection of produce, mushrooms and greens especially.  The Michigan Honeycrisp apples are 1) outrageously priced 2) totally worth it.  If all I had was twenty bucks for a week of groceries there's a 100% chance I would spend it all on a dozen of those apples....cos that's all it would get me.  Moving on, there are a couple vendors selling crepes and breakfast burritos which is a welcomed bonus on a Saturday morning.  AND they have a raffle each month and after each purchase you make you're supplied with a ticket to enter.  I'm a fan.  Even if you don't need groceries; crepes, coffee and a raffle, are you kidding me?  That's a killer way to spend a Saturday morning. This was one of the few things I liked when I lived in Hyde Park.  Good selection of produce - great apple cider in the fall!  Also, the crepe guy rocks - the cheese and herb crepe, super yum, for a nice lunch post shopping. The 61st Street Farmer's Market is a mere toddler in the realm of Chicago's Farmer's Markets.  In just its second year, this has quickly become one of my favorites though.

Tucked away in a small section where Woodlawn meets the U of C campus, and therefore my 'hood Hyde Park, it is a location that is meant to be kept fairly small.  Essentially this market has been placed along 61st, just east of Dorchester.  It is a very short block and as a result has a small amount of space for stalls- but the organizers of this market (Experimental Station- also located right here) have done a terrific job of ensuring great variety of products and representation in such a small, yet comfortable space.

This past week, from what I saw, there were: 
-two different stalls specializing in cheese (funny side story: when a fellow Yelper asked about the differences in the range of blue cheeses being sold- one of them was described as "tasting like your basement... but in the most delicious way possible!"  Guess which blue cheese I bought?!?!?); 
-a farmer who sold free-range chicken eggs (and had the chickens there on display for the children to see) and all cuts of pork raised on her farm; -someone selling lamb, goat, and mutton; 
-a very popular crepe stand with a busy man cranking out crepes seemingly through the day; 
-the local bike shop had a space to fix bikes on the spot (I know what I will be doing next Saturday- drop my bike off for an annual "checkup" while I shop away); 
-a stall with fresh herbs, greens and other vegetables (still early in the season for a lot of variety at this point); 
-another stall selling veg;
-two different stalls selling their own salsas, sauces, and salad dressings;
-a community organizer spreading the word about the upcoming "Real Men Can Cook" event

I am sure I am forgetting at least a couple of things- but the point is, there is a great amount of variety.  They accept LINK, WIC, and food stamps- making it a market for everyone to enjoy!  They are supposedly working on getting a POS credit card terminal too, which would be awesome.

While you are there, might as well stop in to Backstory Cafe- a really nice coffee shop which is a part of Experimental Station and open for anyone to attend during the market.  Just north there is a community garden center filled with all sorts of gorgeous flowers, produce, and the occasional garter snake.

Extremely easy to get to (just off of LSD near the Museum of Science and Industry) with unlimited street parking and tucked away in a really lovely part of town- with a lot to do and see after.  I suggest everyone give it a try at least once this summer- besides, it is one of the few farmer's markets that is actually on a Saturday in the city. I know I'm northern California spoiled, but I found pretty slim-pickings. Will give it another try, though. I really love this market. Not only did I get some great asparagus, cheese and crepe this weekend, I got to visit with neighbors new and old. They accept LINK and will double it up to $25 which is great for a neighborhood in a food desert. Most of the farms are MI and WI, all are probably within 100 miles of the market. Good stuff. This place is a staple in my work week. I simply couldn't crop it out. ;)

Whether you are doing some light shopping for hot sauce, pasta, produce, or grabbing a quick bite to eat, this place is affordable and amazing. Love it. Want some more of it. Alas the City Farmer's Markets are bustling with local Farmer's fresh produce!! When they First opened this Spring it was more food trucks and tents from nearby restaurants selling quick grab and go lunches or treats. Which in of itself is fine except when you really look forward to what the name implies - a Farmer's Market! (Hence the 4 of 5 star rating) There's really nothing better than supporting the local Farmer's and bringing home farm to table produce knowing they are all pesticide free and the money goes right back to them growing beautiful produce Season after Season!! 

Just take the grocery shopping off your errands since they are open from May to October because just about anything you could ever want is found here in beautiful abundance and much less costly then the stores plus you actually get to meet the dedicated Farmer's and their families. So darn cute!

Of course everything is seasonal and so what you find may varry but on my most recent visit, I brought home a basket of blueberries, another of cherries and some strawberries, juicy peaches, kale, sweet corn, vine ripe tomatoes, fresh basil and mint, cucumbers, zucchini, eggplant, sweet onions, raw apiary honey and a fresh bouquet of flowers all for under $40!!

Tip: Go a little early and scout out the Perfectly Imperfect boxes... these treasures are slightly blemished but otherwise perfect and a generous box will only run you $5. Thank You Mayor Rahm Emanuel for taking care of Daley Plaza and encouraging all of US in Chicago to "Cheer" on the Chicago Cubs in tonight's home game at Wrigley Field in the third game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Playoff Series...I was here today at Daley Plaza and had to take a picture of the fountain that is NOW in CUBBY BLUE!  It made me smile...as many other people snapping pictures and selfies nearby!

"Go Cubs Go, Go Cubs Go, Hey Chicago What Do You Say?  Cubs are Going to WIN TODAY!"

Thanks for the Chicago City Spirit to you and all workers at Daley Plaza...little things like this bring people together...and make it a community!

PS.  Can you Fly the W Flag there? Inquiring minds want to know? I enjoy going to the farmer's market on Thursday's. The same vendors are there every week and I enjoy the atmosphere. The prices, in my opinion, are slightly higher compared to a grocery store but you get to buy from local farms. My favorite places are the Amish bakeries (they have donuts, bread, pies, etc) and the mushroom farm (vegan tamales, ravioli, veggie burgers). 

Beware! 
I bought a head of broccoli at one of the vendors and there were small, green caterpillars. I didn't notice them until I went home. There are ways to get ride of them but I stopped buying broccoli out of fear of finding those little critters. Just make sure to check your vegetables before buying.

All in all, it's just a great place to browse and experience. I believe it ends at the end of October, so don't miss out! I'm Felipe Rincon , me and my wife Laura sell Tamales at this Market . Friendly busy place lots of vendors, you have so many different choices of food and products to choose from. Look for us Aracely's Tamales ! The City Market themes here at Daley plaza and all over, from South Loop to Lincoln park, are what make me proud to live in Chicago. 

A tourist attraction in itself, the farmer's market at Daley Plaza Thursdays 7am-2pm is what make going to work in the Loop area GREAT. Tons of foot traffic weaving underneath the Chicago Picasso from businesses men/women, tourists, students, and seniors all looking for the same thing: to eat and buy good ingredients. Dozens of little stalls showcasing aromatic baked goods, fresh home-grown vegetables, beekeepers from Indiana, bamboo tabletop decorations, fragrant floral pieces, even fig trees - a culturally abuzz square framed by the tall skyscrapers and under the shadow of Picasso. Yes, even if you aren't coming to buy anything, then come for the vivid colors and rush of life you'll experience here (can you tell, these kinds of things inspire me?)

A huge shoutout to my friends at Kress Apiary for keeping the bees alive, please do buy their unfiltered, raw, honey (which keeps bits of honeycomb, antioxidants, and nutrients that other honey companies filter out) Smaller farmers market with a great location weekdays in the heart of the loop. It's fun to escape the office and walk around to sample the different foods (I always snag a taste of the tofu samples).

As with a lot of the farmers market, it's pretty much the same vendors that are at all the other farmers markets around the city. But, as it gets later in the season, there's a lot more produce at a bit more reasonable prices.

There's also lots of bakery vendors, some restaurant stands (where you can get lunch food like sandwiches or pad Thai), and flower/plant stands. When I use to live only a few blocks from Daley Plaza I would venture to this farmer market every so often but I never found much I care to buy. It's nice to have a farmers market right in the loop but outside that novelty I've been to much better farmers market and as a local or tourist I just tend to breeze right through it. I recently moved to River West, and this Thursday market is the one closest to me. It's not as crowded as a lot of other markets, so you can get the personal attention they lack. One of the vendors here actually took the time to explain the difference between a leek and a large green onion. (Leeks are milder and better for sautéing and don't get as slimy.)  

My favorite bakery booth is the Amish one. I'm not sure if these women are really Amish, or if they're just actors dressed up to look Amish (hey... I've seen Witness). But I'm leaning toward authentic because they don't pluck their eyebrows. The Amish purple wheat bread with nuts is delish. But if you don't buy it before lunchtime, they usually run out. 

The best produce is in the booth in the photo below. They have the best quality tomatoes, leeks and even golden beats... even my Whole Foods didn't have golden beets this summer.

My Yelp app found a Starbucks a half block away on Washington. So last week we bought a couple of lattes and sat at one of the tables in Daley Plaza. I had a yummy pan au chocolate (from the booth on the southwest corner of the plaza), and my friend had an incredible grilled cheese sandwich from Gayle's.

I love this market! Magical.  

The Farmer's market transforms the usually hectic city corner into a blissful bazaar. 

On a nice day it's pretty hard to convince yourself to go back to work.  Thursdays have become my favorite day of the week! 

Everything is so reasonably priced.  You'll pay more at Whole Foods for practically everything at the market. 

The vendors are nice and everything is fresh.  

There is something for everyone.  From fresh flowers to homemade cakes and candy or even just a quick getaway from the office! 

Stop by for a jar of honey or an Amish donut before it's too late! I work near Daley Plaza few days w week now. And I LOVE being there at the lunch time. On Wednesdays- Art Festival. 
On Thursdays- Farmers Market. Fridays- Food Trucks. 
Pricey but usually it is worth it!
You can smell the roses here. Eat some organic tomatoes & strawberries. See what other culture means. Listen to good music. Even dance. 
See u there :)
P This is the best farmers market in Chicago for several reasons:

1. It offers the cheapest produce in the city - tomatoes for $2/lb instead of $4 or even $5 in the neighborhood markets (There's a specific vendor from the Indianapolis area that has the best tomato selection around), inexpensive flowers, great selection of produce throughout the season at very reasonable prices. 

2. It's conveniently located steps away from the Washington blue line stop. 

3. There are places to sit. 

4. It begins before 9 a.m., unlike certain neighborhood markets (I'm looking at you, Logan Square...what kinda start time is 10 a.m.?!)

5. It's downtown, close to Michigan Ave and State Street shopping. 

ENJOY! Go get some tomatoes from the Indianapolis fellas! I've been to Daley Plaza's FM about 8-10 times over the many years and overall it's ok but a Farmers Market, it really isn't. It's more of a collection of specialty items that, while intriguing and somewhat unique, don't really rep a FM, apart from logistics.

If you're looking for tons of fresh fruits, veggies and produce, well, you might want to look elsewhere. These are the items i look for when going to a place like this.

As a side, when going to the (WI) Brunkow Cheese booth, I inquired about their awesome product in a few of Chicago's notable restaurants to which they responded in utter confusion with a side of attitude.lol.   Hey Brunkow, if you're being featured in restaurants by your namesake, you might want to have the ppl representing your product/company have a basic understanding of where you are being served. Just sayin. I pass by they have like Google festival and computer science
Also see ppl setting having their lunch on the areas w/tables and chairs  then the fountain  is very relaxing I made a mistake in ordering a shrimp sandwich from Amazing Shrimp the other day. I've never thought of Hammond, IN as shrimp experts, or shrimp anything, but I figured, maybe they're transplants from a place where they do know shrimp. Anyways, all I can say is UGH! Nothing is much worse than feeling gross for the remainder of the day. The guy behind the tent thankfully dropped the garlic salt housed in a glass container, right before my order, or I would have been treated to a salt bath with what was termed a shrimp sandwich. The sammy was all about a huge brioche roll. After that fluffy/puffy 2 inch high, 3 inches wide piece of shiny bread, I couldn't tell you much about the shrimp, as I couldn't taste it and only saw 1 chopped up and swimming in a mayo and cabbage sea. There was seriously A LOT of mayo - i tons of dripping mayo and messy cabbage hanging over the bread. It was more like a slaw sandwich with a medium sized shrimp as an afterthought. For $13.00, that was about the biggest rip off the market has to offer.  

Now, Brunkow Cheese of WI is the antithesis of the shrimp sammy. Everything from the aroma to the taste to the price was so perfect. Absolutely wonderful cheese!!!! 5 stars for the Brunkow family of cheese. 

A few weeks ago, the best asparagus for a buck a bunch were here. They were thin and green and delicious - so good, they were tasty raw. Not to forget, a huge bargain!!  

Prices for cherries are high - or higher than Organic cherries delivered to my door...so I thought that was a bit odd for non-organics to be higher than organic. They looked tasty for the cherry devotees like me. 

There's a guy that makes AMAZING cakes and has samples out to tempt customers even further. If there were more than 2 of us to devour a cake I would buy one in a heartbeat. Every flavor I've tried is decadent, flavorful, delicious and so moist. Great time at this farmers market!!!! The variety is unbelievable, something for everyone. If you're in the city when the market is happening stop by!!!!! This is a great place to get lunch if you are downtown. The prices are equal to or less than what you would pay in a restaurant and you can be assured of organic, non-gmo fare. I love Gayle's cheese sandwiches but they also have the longest line. However, just down from Gayle's is a tamale shop on the southwest corner that serves organic vegan tamales 2 for $5 that are to die for! This particular market seems to lean more towards prepared foods for consumption probably because there is such a huge supply of rabid lunch fanatics. However there is an ample selection of organic vegetables, meat, fruits, and normal farmers market-type items for sale.

This market runs from mid-May to the end of October and is famous as the longest running farmers market in Chicago. The hours from 7 AM to 3 but many of the stalls stay open later so you can stop and pick something up for the ride home if you're lucky. Another great part of this great city is the various farmers markets.  I was able to stop at this market and check things out.  

Due to the location which is right outside of the Daley Plaza so you can pick up vegetables, fruits or flowers when you are leaving the courts, heading to work or during your lunch break.  The market starts in the morning and ends early afternoon.

The prices are okay for location.  Great people watching.  Go and enjoy this market. What an adorable little market! They have pretty much everything you would expect (fresh pasta, plants, vegetables, dog treats, etc.) right in the middle of the loop.  I got a grilled cheese breakfast sandwich from Gayle's, which I will forever compare all future grilled cheeses against. Passed this twice before actually stopping to check it out. Kinda lame in May, though... Great people, great corn. Freshest produce around,and their children are polite and darn good looking too. The corn on the cob was so sweet and delicious our family of four polished off a bag of 15 cobs in one sitting! So yummy. 
15 cobs for $4.99. We also bought a very good, sweet and juicy watermelon. We spent only ten dollars our first trip there. We will be hitting this farm stand again VERY soon! Love this place! The corn on the cob is my absolute favorite! I find myself frequenting Brandau's multiple times a week during the summer. All of the produce is fresh and tasty. This place has THE BEST Michigan peaches you will ever taste. It's family owned and the guys there couldn't be nicer. Visiting the Glen Ellyn French Market was a bit of a surprise, since my family and I are used to the bustling Saturday market in Wheaton.

From what I gather, this market is newer, maybe still getting rolling. It happens on Sundays, from 9am to 2pm, in the parking lot at the corner of Crescent Blvd and Glenwood Ave. It's expected to continue until the end of October.

On our visit here, there were a couple farms selling produce, several bakeries, stands selling granola, tea, iced coffee, sausage and cheeses. A lady was selling Usbourne books (love those!). Hmm what am I missing? Oh yea, two guys were making the most delicious chicken tacos.

The amount of vendors and the crowd size are definitely more manageable than the Saturday market in Wheaton. I didn't care for the iced coffee I tried, which had me missing my Saturday cup from I Have A Bean. I'd skip that next time, but the rest of the market is worth checking out. If you see the guys grilling chicken, you must try a taco! I've just returned from a shopping trip to the Glen Ellyn French Market.  I arrived at about 12:30 on a spectacularly beautiful fall day.  Despite it being close to closing time, every vendor's booth was well stocked.  Not a lot of vendors compared to Wheaton and even little Warrenville, but there is a decent choice of "farmers", meat purveyors, bakers, and random sellers of jewelry and olive oil.

That said, the biggest negative is the lack of shoppers.  I am not exaggerating when I say that I could count them on one hand- (and I think that 2 of them might have been vendors looking for something to do)  Every time I've gone this summer I've been shocked at how unsupported this market feels.  It's like going into a store where I am the only shopper- the help just stares and hovers it's all I can do to keep from bolting out the door.

I'm not sure why this is the case.  Maybe the move from Friday to Sunday wasn't such a great move (not that Friday packed 'em in either).  Perhaps moving it to Sunday AFTERNOON would be better?  At least then a few downtown stores would be open too.  Add some music or something to give it a more festive buzz?  Right now it feels awkward and just plain dead. I am moving from Cedar Rapids, and you have absolutely no idea how much I am going to miss the Downtown Farmers Market. I love walking around downtown in the blocked off areas and shopping. There is such an amazing variety of things to purchase! Lawn ornaments, food, kettle corn (mmmm), jewelry, cutting boards, plants, produce, breakfast burritos, you name it.

I had my favorite vendors that I always hit up, but I loved going to every shop and checking out what is new. It's a great place to take visiting friends and family, and it is friendly for all tastes of style and food. Everyone we ever took there fell in love just as much as I did. 

I will definitely be driving back a few weekends this summer to attend! I love it! The night market was fun but busy... I'm sure the next one will be more organized to handle the crowd. First off, lets call it what it is people, it's a french market, not a farmers market.  

Supposedly one of the largest 'farmers' markets in the Midwest, and I'd believe it.  At least 8 blocks of produce, meat, baked goods, jewelry, crafts, and street food vendors.  I didn't check *every* produce vendor but the ones I did notice were all from Iowa.  I wish I had a cooler big enough to bring some organic free range chickens raised in Iowa all the way home to Chicago.  

It's a pity this market is only every other weekend.  By 8:30 the streets were packed and a few vendors were running out of green beans and cherries already.   Only open till noon so get up early and wander around downtown Cedar Rapids before all the good stuff is gone! This is a pretty good Farmers Market.  It's definitely the largest in the area.  They have nearly everything you could want and some of the vendors even take EBT.

Parking is always an issue when you have such a gigantic event.  No problem - I just ride the bicycle down there.  It's more convenient and also lets me limit the amount of things purchased.  

Being a minimalist who lives in a van (by choice), I can tell you this is a "grazer's" paradise!   There are lots of samples - enough for a free meal. 

The only thing I really don't like is that dogs are permitted in the farmer's market.  I think this poses a health and safety concern.  It's only a matter of time until something happens - a child is bitten or there is a dog fight or I step in dog sh** ....   About a month ago I saw a large dog lean forward and lick a cucumber sitting near the edge of a table.  Gross!

The other thing that bothers me has been mentioned before:  One week the event is in the downtown area.  The other week it is much smaller and located near 8th Avenue.  I wish we could have it one way or the other.  A couple of times I've gone to the larger downtown site hoping for something only to find the smaller market was being held a few blocks away.

For the dog issue and the inconvenience of not having the market in the same place each week, I'm going to deduct two stars.  I've witnessed several incidents with dogs and don't feel comfortable with them being permitted in here.  Mark my words - it's only time till something bad happens.  If I get bitten, the owner is getting sued as well as the city for its negligence.

Other than those minor little things, I think this is a decent event and am glad we have it in Cedar Rapids.  It shows what can be accomplished when we all support a great idea.. You will ask yourself how I can write a mostly negative review of one of the best Farmer's Market around and still give it 4 stars. So I will explain.

The Downtown Farmer's Market is a outstanding venue and is one of the largest in the nation and probably in the state. I have been involved with it every since it first started both as a buyer and as a concessioner. Over the years the market has expanded to extend for many city blocks and attracts vendors from miles around.
The downtown market is not a true Farmer's Market in that it allows non-food vendors as well. You will see people selling everything from jewelry to candles; food sellers from local restaurants, wine, clothing, local charities, entertainers, and so on. Among all the vendors are actual produce sellers. A list of most vendors can be found on the Downtown Market website. It is a huge and fabulous Saturday event.

And yet I prefer to skip it in favor of other Farmer's Markets which are smaller and more produce oriented for the following reasons.

1. It is VERY crowded. Attendance is high (easily topping 16,000 per Saturday morning) and the jostling and shoving can be overwhelming at times. You will find a lot to purchase but you will leave exhausted.

2. It has become so big that you will find it difficult to find the vendors you really want to buy from among the 220 + vendors. We are talking about 11 streets here and no printed map to guide you.

3. The crowding is aggravated by carts and strollers making it difficult for challenged walkers to navigate. I recommend that seniors try the smaller markets instead.

4. The organizers still have not learned to ban dog walkers. You will have to dodge leases, the infrequent dog fight, and other canine problems. Just think a minute. What would you think if you saw people walking the aisles of the local supermarket with a dog?

What we have in the Cedar Rapids Downtown Market is a great market that has gotten a bit too big and needs to be trimmed down. I am a long-time fan of Farmer's Markets and have attended them for many years, long before the downtown market even existed, but my preference is for the smaller markets, which I visit once a week religiously. The downtown market is only an occasional thing. A great place to spend a summer Saturday morning.  There are over 200 vendors ranging from prepared food, wine, candles, crafts and jewelry and even...produce!  The downtown farmers market attracts thousands of people (and hundreds of pets) at each event on the first and third Saturday from June to thru Sept.  Open from 7:30 to noon, you'll need to come early to get some of the most popular items. The downtown CR farmers market is never a disappointment! Roll out of bed and start your Saturday morning right. They have plenty of options for a quick breakfast while browsing the market. I love love love the jewelry offered-picked up some of the cutest earrings for cheap! The market has quite a few wine vendors that are great. You cannot beat the prices of fruits and veggies here. Don't miss out on the live music, juggling acts, and break dancing, either! I love, love, love the Farmer's Market in Downtown Cedar Rapids. It is ginourmous and the variety of vendors is really great. I come for the fresh produce but stay for the food vendors!! Had a chicken gyro from the Aladdin stand and it was an awesome breakfast. I looked for the famous Victor's breakfast burrito stand, but they were no where to be found. Not that there arn't a plethora of awesome vendors to choose from! Seriously, come with an appetite. You won't be dissapointed.
I love all of the fresh flowers, the huge gardening pots and plants at ridic prices, the fresh breads, handmade jewelry, metal work, and of course the fresh produce. It gets seriously crowded though, so be prepared/patient and enjoy. Some places do accept checks and credit, but I play it safe and bring cash.
I look forward to going every Saturday they have it! We moved here just in time to catch the last one of the summer and I must say I was blown away.  I think I had low expectations coming from California with all the farmer's markets there, but downtown Cedar Rapids farmer's market was amazing.  Meat vendors, wine vendors, so much great produce, and tons of homemade foodstuffs.  We got BBQ sauces, cupcakes, cheese....so much tastiness. I can't wait until it starts again and will definitely bring more bags next time. The farmer's markets downtown are one of my favorite ways to spend a Saturday morning. You can find a wide variety of items (of course FOOD, jewelry, flowers, home items, clothing, books) and entertainment (magic shows, juggling, music, theater previews, and a junk band, children's play areas). You can really spend as much or as little money and time as you want. I only wish they would start doing it every Saturday instead of biweekly. If you haven't been yet, it is definitely worth waking up for! I just got back from Mexico so it was nice to hear people speaking in English, and not see trash everywhere! It was nice to get out and walk around! Downtown Cedar Rapids is a nice and clean area with great people and great local business's! 
I picked up a few things for the homestead one of the cooler things I think that I got today was an ANT that was made of three rocks and some metal welded around it with washers as the eyes! (RS Randy Schnebbe Welding Studio) Victor, Ia. 
I also found someone to buy great tasting Lefse from! Dale Surh Free-range Chickens, Lefse and Kringla. Calmar, Ia. 
In a word (customized word art) it's a little expensive and you could easily do it yourself but I bought a Chicago sign for $56. 
I also got some Buttermilk Banana Bread with no nuts! from Carletta's sweet things. 
I didn't think I was going to have much fun with this but I had a great time the weather was so nice the sun was shining and there was a lot of people out this is way better then going to wal-mart. 
There's not much for entertainment but there was a kid that was break dancing for tips a guy playing a guitar, and a girl playing the saxophone for her college fund. 
There's over 200 vendors some of them take debit and credit cards but your best bet is to just bring some cash! The 2010 Farmers market beat out DSM's market for the most vendors and activities this year. 

Its always packed, and great to bring the kids and big stomachs. Great artisans and food vendors. Open's your eyes to all that is local and out there that you never knew about.

There are several live music stages/areas, performance artists, cooking seminars, and much more.

Great place to come and get the fresh goodies to run home and hit the grill or kitchen to star in your own Food Network show parody.

Sometimes parking can be an issue, so look around or hit the parking ramps. Bring your walking shoes, as its several blocks.

Excited to see if the NewBo year-round market will be going up too.
CR also needs a Co-Op like New Pioneer, Bread Garden market, or a Whole Foods. We absolutely love going to the Cedar Rapids Downtown farmers market. There is something for everyone there and the produce is very economical. This market is surprisingly large and diverse for Cedar Rapids and it is always great to see so many people out and about in downtown. If you are looking for the freshest produce and smaller crowds, make sure to get there early! A fantastic summer event in the area and outstanding compared to many farmer's markets. Around 200 vendors with a variety of products (produce, food, flowers, arts/crafts, clothing, specialty items, etc.) line multiple streets in the downtown area. The size and offering really is outstanding. Depending on the date and the weather, it can be very crowded and difficult to walk through the streets. An increasing number of dogs has also been a concern to some patrons, although typically there do not seem to be problems. Demonstrations and performances are also held in multiple places throughout, and a number of non-profits fill the park to provide information on all subjects. A must-attend event for anyone visiting the area or living nearby. The farmer's market is on the property of Nature's Touch.  Some of the same vendors you see in Beloit and Janesville markets are here too, not all, but some.  It isn't as busy as Beloit, not as many vendors, but being smaller allows to talk more to the vendors and learn about their products.

We discovered a knife and tool sharpening service and the time we went we took a bunch of tools for sharpening.  Very good job!  The popcorn vendor has a unique blend of salt and sugar, which is tasty.  There is a man who creates yard items and I purchased a potting table from him.  A gorgeous piece.  Great craftsman.

They had plants, some vegetables, but we have been told by the organizer as summer continues, additional vendors will be bringing more produce.

Bonus, we get to walk through the nursery and see what's new! This is a really nice market, and is held on the second Saturday of the month, from May thru October.   It is located on a lovely park along the I& M canal.  The items for sale include, antiques, handmade items, baked goods, and produce, vintage items.
It makes for a nice, relaxing day trip to spend time browsing the market.  Downtown Morris is within walking distance of the market, and has some interesting shops, and restaurants. This market does have something for everyone. The canal that runs next to it has green algae floating on the top. It is a nice place to walk around and see the myriad of vendors.  I do visit this market a few times between May and October.
SOME of the craft vendors are mighty proud of their wares as evidenced by their high prices. Being a crafter myself, I know how much things cost to make. I do understand that it is hard to put a price on your time but some of the prices being charged are ridiculous. Yes and I know that if you don't want to pay that much, don't buy it. You can't even make a deal with them. They will not haggle. If they really want to sell their wares, they should have some leeway. The market is exactly as advertised - a bit of everything: antiques, vintage, crafts, produce & baked goods with emphasis on the antiques & crafts.  We learned about it from the farm bureau magazine and this seemed like something different to explore. It is obviously popular with the locals and people were buying.  We were disappointed by the lack of produce options (There were only two vendors selling produce.) but enjoyed the bakery booth.  

The event is held in a city park that is right next to a standing water offshoot of the Illinois canal that was covered in bright green algae. Thank goodness it was drizzling or the mosquitoes would have been unbearable. This seasonal produce stand has been selling in front of the Edgewood 5 Seasons Car Wash (and other locations around town) for a number of years.  Their signs advertise Muscatine Melons, Sweet Corn, Tomatoes, etc.  They pass themselves off as local producers, but I think it's all a sham.  I'm not sure about the melons, but the corn and tomatoes certainly aren't locally grown.  I had my suspicions when I spotted the commercial produce boxes under the table that said "Arkansas Tomatoes." So I asked about the origin of the tomatoes that had all the characteristics of a store bought tomato and they answered, "Ohio". They said the corn came from Muscatine, so I bought a bag.  I couldn't wait to have my first bite of summer with a juicy ear of Iowa sweet corn.  Only problem was it tasted exactly like the flavorless Florida corn you buy in the grocery store.   If you want commercially grown produce shipped from far away, then save yourself some time and money and get it at Wal-Mart. I'm pretty sure that's where these people get their inventory.  I felt taken and will never go back. Great food, great music, what's not to love.  I do wish there was more produce options and not so overpriced but over all we love going to each week Great market on Wednesdays from 2:30 to ? On Wednesdays.  2018 stalls are very good for baked breads, wine tasting, food trucks, produce and even rare items like delicious homemade kimchi and korean veggies!  Not all the same venders as larger saturday lafayette market so each have their own characteristics. Nice variety of local goods and wares. Slight increase in street traffic on market days but police assist in traffic control and pedestrian crossing. Many of the vendors participate in the other local farmer's markets. A great way to get groceries for the second half of the week. Get up-to-the-minute updates from their Twitter account http://twitter.com/#!/wlfarmersmkt. Sign up at the booth to get your free West Lafayette Farmers Market reusable grocery bag (on  your 3rd visit). Buy local! Same thing other people have said: awesome French market, but it gets crazy crowded, especially later in the day. That being said, there are a variety of vendors, from produce and flowers to baked goods to meat to clothing and jewelry to books. It is a pretty stable group of vendors, that is, it's pretty much the same vendors in the same place each time.
Everyone I've met is really friendly. Prices do vary quite a bit from one vendor to another, especially with produce. 
Our favorite thing is to ride our bikes over on Saturday morning. There's a fair amount of parking, especially in the garage (across from the DuPage Medical Group building), but it's really easy to bike there since it's right off the prairie path.
Convenient access to downtown Wheaton for whatever else you may need/want (i.e. the library, Carlson's hardware, etc.) When I lived in Illinois, I loved this French Farmers Market in Wheaton. It had to be one of my first stops when I came back to town. My favorite memory about this market was buying a huge tropical beach painting from one of the vendors. It was one of my hubby and I's wedding presents to each other.

This time around it was as great as I thought it would be. They have tons of little local vendors selling their crafts, food, popcorn, ice teams, clothes, flowers, jewelry, and home décor. 

There's a lot to see and several rows of it. It has a nice location by the train station and steps from Downtown Wheaton.

One thing that I noticed after the fact when I had already been through the market is that they are not dog friendly. My dog was walking all throughout the market with no problem. Than at the end, I see the small sign that says no dogs allowed. I don't understand how that could be the case when this is outside. Either way, no one stopped us with him walking around and it was fine.

Another thing is that there really aren't that many food vendors as I thought that would be. there was a popcorn vendor, a bakery, some coffee, and maybe about 2 or 3 more food vendors. There was not much selection, so if you are hungry just keep that in mind and check out something in downtown Wheaton. I'm taking one star off simply because it gets PACKED! As in you can't move while attempting to walk through the aisles. And then people bring their kids, strollers, and dogs, and you think all hell is about to break loose.

The assortment of vendors is great though. Flowers, produce, meats, bakery, coffee, jewelry, skincare, etc. It's all there, and it's all beautiful and wonderful. I love it when vendors give out samples - we bought several things we otherwise wouldn't have!

Definitely get there early! By 10am, you could see inventory had already starting to decline. Plenty of other shops and restaurants to visit while your in the area, and a beautiful little walking path by the library as well! Overrated and overcrowded. Go here when they open and a lot of stuff isn't set up. Go here late and a lot of stuff is sold out. Go here in the middle and the parking lot on Willow is really backed up and precarious. Totally crowded at 10:30AM, can't even move. Now here's where my complaining really begins:

I know it's a "French market" and not a "farmers' market" but the fact that this place is 9-10x more jewelry and pastries than produce is ridiculous. That's kind of depressing, and the little bit of farmer's stands is not super great either. Out of this whole place, only one is organic produce. Just one stand. And they sell out of stuff QUICK.  

The other places have been mostly disappointing. Instead of growing and selling spring crops locally in the spring, they'd rather sell summer crops from Florida. And they all had these southern Illinois strawberries that were all bruised and looked like they were going bad. It seems like they all got them from the same distributor/farm or whatever. They aren't selling things they grow for the most part. The one nice thing I got was some Michigan hydroponic tomatoes that were very fresh and broccoli. Let's hope they taste as good as they look, and let's hope the southern Illinois strawberries (which I got out of curiosity) taste a whole lot better than they look. I thought local food was supposed to be fresher than grocery store food? Not always. Maybe those tomatoes will bring me back to fight the crowds next week but they'd have to be pretty damn good. Came here for my first time today as it was beautiful a outside and wanted to check out the local fare.

Tasted some locally produced honey, breads and kettle corn. 

They had pretty broad selection of clothes, crafts and foods available from different local vendors. 

Found some fresh model mushrooms available that had been picked in Wisconsin and considering I didn't find any this year, 10 bucks for a seasonal delicacy wasn't a bad deal!! Indulge much?  I had such a great time choosing my indulgences at this market!  And most were within reason. It was a win-win!

We went earlier in the day to avoid the crowds that gather here in downtown Wheaton. But by the time we left, it was getting crowded and the strollers had made their way to the aisles. So yes, come early. 

I started making purchases almost immediately. I think that may have been a mistake. Similar vendors had similar products at a lower cost as I moved up and down the aisles. If you have the time, I would encourage you to look at everything and then make your decisions. But if there's a limited supply of things - get it while the getting is good!  

Let's talk about some of my favorites...

We tried some honey. It was marvelous!  Different honey combos jarred up and ready to go. They even had mini jars available so you could take home a variety. I loved that I could taste the options before I purchased. Thank you, Bron's Bee Honey!!

St. Roger Abbey was there complete with nuns and baked goods. Another win when we ate that chocolate tartlet.

Denny's Acres supplied me with Yukon gold potatoes that I split over two dinners and some gorgeous baby asparagus. They had a nice variety of produce to offer and I wouldn't hesitate to purchase from this local vendor again!

I tried tea from two different vendors. Both were good, but I preferred The Tea House. The gentleman working that booth really knew his stuff and I was sold on the Tea-Vine without even tasting it. I've since tasted it and it's exactly as he described. Nice!

There were at least two meat vendors, but I was wooed by Farm Fresh Foodstuffs. Yet another knowledgable man in the crowd. He had a lot to say and I ended up a big fan after a few minutes of chatting. I bought two different types of bacon. My girlfriend bought ground beef. And it looks like they may be able to help with a raw diet for a special Princess I know. :-)

Hahn's Bakery from Geneva was here. I am already a day of Hahn's, so I was on the hunt for a kitchen sink cookie, but alas they did not bring those for the day. Although, I did hear they were asked by multiple people, so it may make its way into their French Market inventory in the future. You never know... What they did provide were fresh baked pretzel rolls and still warm donuts. No, not warm from the sun...but warm from the onsite fryer. They're making that magic happen on the premises. It was a perfect way to wrap up a delicious morning at the market! This French Market is everything a French Market should be, so it's very crowded!  Here you'll find fresh crepes, beautiful flowers, fruit and vegetables, handcrafted soaps, jewelry, knick knacks, it has it all.  

There's 4 aisles of local fare and most of the vendors are friendly, save the jewelry lady who was extra snarky.  My top pic for jewelry here is Adorn512.  Such a delicate and unique but trendy selection. 

About the crowds though.  I'd recommend either coming early to avoid them and have first pick of the best produce. I love spending my Saturday mornings walking around Farmer's Markets. I've been to the Wheaton French Market three times already since moving to Wheaton. 

The vendor offerings are pretty good and I always find myself leaving with at least a few goodies. You can find expect to find macarons, coffee, pastries, bread, olives, pickles, dog treats, jewelry, gluten-free goodies and don't forget about the fruits and veggies. 

The good:
-You're supporting small business owners and farmers
-It's a good way to discover new products or items you haven't tried before
-All your favorite Wheaton businesses are in one convenient location
-Lots of vendors take both cash and cards! Huge pro

The meh:
-No dogs allowed. Although my dogs aren't well behaved enough to visit such an event, I always love meeting other dog owners and seeing the pups around. 
-The space itself is incredibly narrow-- which probably has a lot to do with why no dogs are allowed.
-Parking is tough unless you get here right when it starts or a little before. You might find yourself driving in circles for parking for awhile. I was here at 745 one morning and had my share of parking spots. 

The bad:
-No real cons that would keep me from coming

I'll continue coming to The French Market as long as the weather and my work schedule allows. It's a great way to spend a relaxing Saturday morning. My favorite Saturday morning destination!
 Lots of vendors:
Loose teas, Thai Food, crepes, fresh donuts, gluten-free cookies and scones, fresh vegetables, artison's treasures, jewelry, soaps, local honey, fresh-squeezed lemonade, pies, woven baskets, puzzles, puppets, gorgeous plants and fresh-cut flowers, etc.!
Get lost in the crowd! This market has a variety of things! From fresh veggies, fresh fruit, fresh crepes, fresh coffee, fresh smiles! Just a lovely place to be on a Saturday morning. Plenty of seating and people are so pleasant. Maybe this market has declined since the previous reviews. It is messy. The vendors are crammed into, too small of an area making it uncomfortable to navigate THEM AND the patrons who feel it necessary to bring strollers or walking dogs.  I LIKE kids and dogs, but the little ones get bags in their faces, trip people up and see only butts and legs (and dogs). Both are safety hazards.
There are also too few garbage bins and it is common to see used toothpicks from samples littering the food product tables. This market has 3 notable vendors, cheese; pretzel/bread and knife sharpener. All others are price-gougers and slopping messers! A wonderful and pretty large farmer's market. Great choice of local and seasonal veggies, fruits, cheese, pastries, breads, coffee, tea, crepes, jams, jellies, mustards, jewelry, accessories, etc. There was even a little live music. The only downfall was that there was only 1 booth containing any meat or eggs, and by 10:30am the eggs were sold out. I purposely wear a scarf whenever i come here to get the true FRENCH market experience.  Just kidding.  (No I'm not).  Oh, that, and pretty much dodging all the bees flying around all the vendors with sweets and produce.  

This is one of the best markets in the Illinois suburbs.  4 rows of local arts and crafts and also baked goods and produce.  Love the fall season especially because of the squashes.  My favorite so far are acorn and butternut.  It's decently priced...you may find it to be cheaper at the grocery but hey, its a french market.  My Saturday mornings have been spent here for the past 2 weeks.  

My advice: stop by the vendors with the baked goodies.  Best find so far among the bakery vendors was a loaf of Chocolate chip pumpkin bread.  Pair that with a hot mug of apple cider and you're seriously on cloud 9.

Oh and yes, they have a crepes station! Wow!  LOVE this French Market!  Plenty of goodies to look at and buy from a variety of vendors:
-several "farmer's market" produce stands overflowing with fresh seasonal fruits & veggies

-several bakeries - both sweet & savory offerings

-homemade canned pickles, dilly beans (pickled green beans, yum!), relishes, sauces & other condiments

-a few folks selling several kinds of CHEESE!  

-Many vendors of handcrafted jewelry, handbags & scarves @ affordable prices

-a couple people selling the most gorgeous (and pricey!) hanging baskets and planters (both BIG and small) of flowers and other greenery

-flowers & greens available by the stem/stalk to make your own bouquet

-Several food, ready to eat, vendors as well including the local Pad Thai restaurant, Jolly Posh, a gourmet popcorn stand (White Cheddar & Rosemary Popcorn?!? OMG, YES!), a grilled cheese shop, and others I can't possibly remember.

The earlier you get there the better as there is a lot to see but it's all crammed in a very small area - and once those mommies wielding their double-wide ankle destroyers, um, I mean, strollers, get out & about, it's a bit cramped.  I wish it was adjacent to a park so you could take a break from the crowd and sit down to enjoy your lunch, breakfast or snack you will inevitably buy while there.  At least there is parking garage next door so parking is a breeze! The local farmer's market is my go to place for my local honey. This farmers market is really great, however, it can be difficult to navigate with the crowds while finding a place to park. For parking and convenience I usually opt for parking in the parking garage just south of the train tracks. While at the market the are two main aisles that have vendors of all kinds. You can find anything from tea, to homemade dog treats, to flowers for your garden, there are even a couple of food truck/vendors. And if you are fortunate to walk the aisles during the month of May, the fragrance from the lilac bushes located between the farmers market and the train tracks waft thought the aisles, it's truly a great experience. Cool concept, very poor experience though.  As others have stated this market has wonderful variety.  Tons of vendors and many types of goodies to buy.

But...get ready for my rant...

People I have a dog that I adore and we take him lots of place with us but I make sure it's an appropriate place like a park.  Why a bunch of you think it's cute to bring Fido with you to an over crowded outdoor market with very cramped quarters makes no sense to me.  I loved the lady with two dogs trying to navigate the super narrow aisles.  Next, leave the damn stroller at home!!!!  If your precious child cannot walk on their own, than don't come or leave the baby home with dad or mom.  Seriously!  One woman had a double-wide stroller AND a dog and was sipping on  her Starbucks oblivious to the traffic jam she was causing.

Sorry Wheaton, other burbs and Chicago neighborhoods have got the Farmers Market thing down.  Yours needs some help.  Hint, move it to an area that is not so crowded.

We won't be back. This was perfect on this cool, fall morning.  There are great stands with a wide variety of items.

The fresh baked goods are wonderful, a large selection of large and unusually shaped and colored pumpkins, fresh and locally grown fruits and vegetables, fresh flowers, some craft items, honey from a local farm, cheeses, popcorn, canned salsas and pickles, homemade jams and jellies, it goes on.  I have not yet tried the strawberry banana bread, sounds like it will make a great lunch.

Stop and take a look around.  It really is one of the better local farmers markets. The Wheaton French Market is a good place to go if you're looking for a variety of food, not all of it French.

I suppose the most French thing about this market is the crepe stand; the crepes there are freshly made and taste fantastic. There's a *lot* of bread as well, and there are some nuns sell both savory and sweet bread. 

Vegetables and fruit can be hit or miss. If it's out of season in the midwest, expect the fruit you find to be trucked up from Florida. Nothing wrong with that, and the peaches *were* good... but next time I'll wait the extra month.

It's conveniently located in downtown Wheaton and there's always a bustle of activity, live music, many pounds of frozen blueberries (which we did get one year; they were very good)... in generally, this is what I would expect a farmers' market to be. I would consider myself a farmer's market junkie. Today we missed Naperville's due to yoga so we ventured out to Wheaton which is open till 2pm. Long and short of it: we won't be back. 

1: the aisles. Everyone has done a great job punting out they are too narrow. It's horrid! We aren't in Paris! Spread it out a little more. 

2: the non-food vendors: while I understand this is a French Market, the numerous vendors peddling various other goods just cramps up the area. We only came for food!

3: the "grocery" produce: perhaps my biggest irk. We go to farmers markets to buy local, supporting the local farmers, to eat in the season and get the freshest, whole foods we can. How in the world are tomatoes from Arizona(as it said on the box) fit in that? Some purveyors had so any different varieties of produce that it was obvious that they are not growing them but purchasing them at wholesale and turning a profit on people none the wiser. Talk to the vendors people! I found a certified organic farm from Michigan that was able to fulfill my need for cucumbers, tomatoes and kale but some of you may of bought the same stuff being sold at Mariano's down the street! 

A few reviewers said that the food was more expensive than the grocery store. It can be. But we pay more to support the local farmers and sometimes it's a better deal than the chemically enhanced, grown in a lab, cross bred stuff found at the grocery store. You pay a premium to eat good the way it looks grown from a seed with little to no human intervention!!

In the end we won't come back. There are so many farmers markets now and this one for the reasons above is just not worth the time. Hmmmm... Parking is rough, the crowds are absurd, and I can't say the selection is any more amazing than I can get in Naperville. I'm glad I went but I don't think I'll go back anytime soon. This is a great farmers market with a large selection of produce from several vendors, as well as some meat and dairy, and non-food items like bird seed and gift items.

It can get crowded and the location doesn't have a lot of great parking nearby - but the selection and prices are worth it. Whatever you do, if you bring your dog, look out for idiots who don't watch their dogs and use retractable leashes.  Some stupid polish chick and her idiot boyfriend on Sunday had a little rat looking dog that they let come over by my dog and tangle the leash all up and of course my dog was annoyed and growled at their stupid dog and they blamed me.  Be aware.....I will not be taking my nice dog there anymore because of stupid dog owners. While I was in town a couple weeks ago, my parents invited us to tag along with them on a Sunday morning trip to the Lions Farmer's Market. The market wasn't really around (or it was small) while I lived in town years ago, so I was pretty shocked to find out how large and diverse it was (I also commend my parents for shopping here).

The entire [long] parking lot of the train station is occupied for this market -- with a good crowd of people and dogs. It's bigger than the Schaumburg Farmer's Market, which is usually my favorite in the 'burbs. All your food bases are covered: veggies (soooo many delicious veggies at different booths), breads, sauces, fruits, meat, eggs, etc. Several craft booths were present, including one with stunning dried & decorated gourds. It fascinated me. At one end of the market was a taco booth, with fresh tacos for people to enjoy while they look around. I don't know if the booths I saw are the same that show up every week, but man, I was impressed. Definitely check out this market if you're in the area and looking for ways to support local farmers & businesses. This is one of the few farmer's markets on the weekend, so us M-F working stiffs in the 'burbs can enjoy it!  It's every Sunday June through October.

It's not huge like the French Market in Wheaton, but it has just enough of everything to have most of the bases covered.  There were plenty of fresh fruit & veggies, an olive vendor who also had fresh pita bread, a cheese vendor, a couple of bread & pastry booths, a fresh meat market vendor, kettle corn, frozen yogurt, a taco vendor & a variety of craft-type booths offering jewelry, purses, dried & decorated gourds (gorgeous) & lawn ornaments.

While their location is idea for visibility, it is not ideal for parking.  We only had to walk a block from where we parked, which isn't bad, but having to cross the railroad tracks can be a bit tricky for the elderly crowd (one, they are trying to hurry, which always makes me nervous, and two, they have to keep looking down to make sure they walk over the tracks so they can't keep looking up to see where they are actually going...I'm just glad I was there to hold Busia's arm & direct her while she looked down to watch her step). When I saw that I couldn't check in at the Farmer's Market because it wasn't on Yelp yet, I was shocked! This busy farmer's market appeared to have numerous satisfied customers, a regular clientele, and tons of great produce. 

From the standard organic veggies you expect to see at a farmer's market to harder to find market goods like Farmer Nick's naturally-raised meats and free-range chicken eggs, you can get most of your fresh food shopping done here on Sundays between 8am and 1pm from June to October. Everything is seasonal, so I say "most" because if you're like me, you want a couple of bananas every week to put in your Cheerios. Beyond that, though, this market has such excellent variety that you can plan any number of meals without leaving this block-long stretch of stands. I snapped up some sweet corn, brussels sprouts, and apples after waffling over whether to take home the season's last strawberries.

There are also a few unexpected things, like the guy sharpening knives on an old-school wheel (I love when markets have this!), the smoothie stand, the pizza-while-you-shop guys, and the fresh hummus stall, which has at least a dozen kinds of hummus plus packed olives and cornichons. You can even buy pastries from nuns.

There were a couple of vendors that caused me to raise an eyebrow. I expect to see marble wine bottle toppers at WineStyles, not at a farmer's market. I would have liked to see something more fitting with the idea of local, sustainable products there instead, like Chicago rooftop honey.

The Lion's Club sponsors the market, and they are always accepting donations of used glasses, plus they accept used ink cartridges for recycling. They also have themed market days from time to time, like the Fitness Fair and French Market Sunday.

Overall, this is a great Farmer's Market with more parking than the Park Ridge market that takes place on Saturday and just as many cute dogs being walked between the stalls. I'll be back again, and I can't wait for fall produce to appear! I agree with everything Elizabeth W. said in 2011. 2013 continues with an excellent variety of fresh produce. Sometimes I splurge on the unusual mushrooms (crimini are my favorite). Herbs, onions, gourds, corn, peaches, blueberries, all different kinds of raspberries, yum! There are a couple of artists, too. You can get almost your entire meal here, for what I think are reasonable prices (and I'm a German-bred stingy person!). Most booths require cash, but some will accept credit cards now, thanks to smart phone technology. Keep up the good work, MP Lions Club! Love this farmer's market. Plenty of wonderful produce from Illinois, also Indiana and Michigan, too; Fresh baked pastries from an Oak Park convent; Artisanal cheeses and olives; Homemade doggie treats; Lovely handmade table linens, etc. Great way to meet neighbors and it is a very dog-friendly crowd. A nice way to start your Sunday morning....can't wait for it to return in late spring. A great farmers market with an excellent selection of products.  This one is by far better than the one in Arlington Heights.  Walk down to the vegetable stands on the very end.  They usually have the best prices. My first time at a farmer's market here in the city (I lived in Michigan for 8 years and actually shopped at stands outside farms - so this is new to me!) Lots of people and good range of goods. No bad experiences except that sometimes the nuns run out of pain-au-chocolate! Boo! Lesson learned: come earlier than later. Where can you get an official French "pain au chocolat" (French chocolate-filled croissant type pastry) from an official French nun?  The Winfield Farmer's market, yeah, that's where!

I went here on a whim one Wednesday morning (it's open from 7am to 1pm on Wed. from June to October), because I'd seen the sign on the road every day as I drove to work.  

They have sustainable, pastured meat and eggs and dairy.  They have sustainable veggies.  They have random other stuff that doesn't really fit in anywhere, but , hey, it's fun to look at.

Really, it was my happy little transplanted foreigner's dream.  Not only did I get to speak French to a nun while asking for a pastry that was much more delicious than its preformed Panera Bread red-headed step-child relative, but I also walked out with pork heart and giant purple aspargus.  

Wait... you ask yourself.... why is this woman taking home a pig heart?  Does she participate in some sort of ritualistic, Indiana Jones-style sacrifice?  Worry not, my friend.  Some people actually eat this stuff.  Cooked, diced, and sauteed.  Not like, raw and whole or something.

Back to the Farmer's Market.  I liked it except for the fact that it was fairly small.  I suppose that it IS Winfield, and farmers in the direct area are few and far between, but I was hoping for a little more.  

Also, the sustainable and pastured meat was delivered through a meat broker (sounds shady, eh?  It's really not).  Basically, they get meat, eggs, etc. from various farms within a 200 mile radius or something.  They sell it at farmers markets.  So, it's more expensive than if the farmers themselves were to sell it.  My pig heart, for example was $6.  Pig hearts are fairly small.  If you are taking notes on this for any reason other than culinary ones, please stop, as you are making me nervous.

I'll go back several times this summer, I'm sure.  I need to get more chocolate pastries.... This is where I go since I've sworn off the Wheaton French Market. There's actually more vegetables here than 'stuff' and pastries, and it's not crowded to the point of being a hazard to walk through it. There's no organic farms though, unlike the Wheaton market which had one organic farmer, so I have to cut a star for that. 
But, if you want fresh local produce without the hyper-consumerism and crowds of the Wheaton market, this is the place to go! A great little market at the corner of County Farm Road and Geneva in Winflield. Several produce vendors fresh from Michigan, a fresh donut maker, kettle popcorn vendor, That Pickle Guy, and Twin Farms that has the best corn around. A few jewelry vendors and other miscellaneous items--but this is a farmers market! Ample parking and lower prices than most markets around! Wednesday only. What a great variety of fruits, veggies and other home-made yumminess. This is right by my house and I try to go every week! People are super friendly and helpful! I LOVE the South Loop Farmers Market! I have lived in the South Loop for over 30 years and was so happy once I heard we would have a market in the South Loop. We thought the day would never come!
It's amazing to buy fresh fruit and vegetables along with fresh bread and come home and cook a real meal with such fresh produce. I try and go every week they are there. Also love supporting local farmers and other interesting things for sale.
Thank you South Loop Farmers Market! Great addition to SLoop. Small, but has everything you'd expect from a farmers market Holy Moly!!!   This farmers market was awesome!  I was invited to photograph it and had a blast!  It's a beautiful spot tucked away next to The Second Presbyterian Church which is stunning!  I learned that the church is having one of their large Tiffany Glass windows restored soon.  And they give tours of the gothic gemstone.  
   The Market itself was as diverse in goods as the neighborhood.  I got some amazing coffee from a new roaster Sputnik  $10/pound coffee that is on par with all the other great roasters this city has.  Beautiful flowers from Larkspur Flowers, whom actually grow their own flowers in  Michigan I learned.  HOW LOCAL IS THAT!!!!  I feel like all the vendors were hand picked to fill the market with the best of the best who all had smiles on their faces.  Don't even get me started on the fruits and cheeses!!!! ; )   I plan on being there every Thursday!  For Sean S.  who didn't enjoy his last visit, I urge you to come back, I'll buy you an Ice cream from Yoberri I promise you wont be disappointed. I went on September 29th, the last day of the market.  Only one vendor was there, Bread from Heaven.  There was a banner across the street saying the Farmers Market happens rain or shine.  I checked their website and nothing was mentioned about it being closed due to weather.

I asked the vendor, who said they were told 'today was the last day and the market was closing early because it was windy.'  They could still be there if they wanted.  No signs from the manager of the market stating that was the case.  The South Loop Farmers Market lost a potential customer for next year because of lack of communications. This market serves as a much needed addition to the neighborhood.  It's a small market with great vendors and they're growing all the time.  I'm excited for the upcoming 2017 season! This is a great little farmer's market. I have been meaning to come here for a while. 
Everything that we got here was superb. The cheese from the cheese vender was absolutely delicious. The fresh peaches from one of the the produce vendors were fresh and juicy. And the blueberry scones from one of the bakery vendors were some of the best scones I've ever had.

We only picked up a few things but I will definitely be stopping by here more often now. The prices are a bit high, but like someone else said on here, it is supply and demand. You are getting a lot of fresh and tasty goods in an area where a lot of people don't mind spending a little extra. They are fairly reasonable though.

Overall, if you haven't been here, you should try it! Glad I finally found a nice farmer's market in Chicago.

By the way, the biggest produce vendor does accept credit cards which is nice. You need to make sure you go to this market early in the season. We went on the last day and the produce was not that great. A bit rotten honestly. But the pastries and cheeses were excellent. They have more to choose from early on in the season and I'm not going to give them a poor rating for something beyond their control. We'll definitely be back to check them out in the spring! Anticipated moving into Lakeview for some time, mainly for easy access to this Saturday market. However, I soon found out the difference between one of the city's farmers markets and this French market: choices. The number of vendors is disappointing as well as the variety of offerings. Possibly it's the space limitation? Big on charm but small on substance. 

I'll stick with the larger downtown and north side weekday markets. This has gone on ever since I have been in Chicago, small but nicely "curated" with a well picked collection of desserts, vegetables, and other specialty items. However the most I have ever purchased is a scone or cookie, the prices on the produce always seemed a little higher than the better deals in The Corporations.  However I am in support of The Idea of these great little markets, they have so many good finds on average, and this one is an oasis in an otherwise bland concrete jungle of a neighborhood. We're there virtually weekly throughout the season. Produce is great; cheese is great; bakery is very good. We especially like the friendly folks from Klug Farms and the cheese vendor. This market is small and limited for Lakeview.
There only one flower vendor, no more than four vendors selling veggies,  four vendors selling baked goods and couple vendors selling jewelry.

The prices are a little higher than the other markets, however, the market is good if you need some fresh veggies or fruit if you don't have time to go to the Lincoln Park market on Armitage.

The aisle are narrow so not a good place to bring pets or strollers. When I can't come here my house's produce severely suffers. Love the deals and people!! This market, which is not actually a city-sponsored farmer's market is small but nice.

They have a bread guy that I really, really like.. He has some good stuff... Ciabatta, great pretzel rolls, etc.  Expect to pay, but it's good.

There's another guy who does bread only from whole wheat type stuff... 

They usually have 3 or 4 produce vendors... one specializes more in fruit, another has Mirai corn and other stuff, another has a little bit of everything.  if you've never had mirai corn, go here and check it out!  

There's a lady selling baked goods, and an olive oil booth type guy. And a lady selling flowers...  And a cheese person (a bit lackluster though)

Unlike city-sponsored markets, they also have a few people selling crafts. I never check those out, but maybe you'll find something you like. Oh what a lovely place! Sadly I am not in Chicago that often to enjoy this market to it's fullest. As a matter of fact the first and only time I have gone most of the stores were not even open yet. BUT it was still a great expierence. 

It is going on my list of places to stop each and everytime I find myself in Chicago! This market makes my Saturday mornings!  When I didn't have a job for a short time and was bored and just wanted to get out and enjoy this new city that I moved into, I stumbled across this market.  Now in Texas we have farmer's markets, but they're really just outdoor supermarkets (seriously, they're not so much fun).  

I love the guys from the bakery in Geneva!  And YUM!!!  The pretzel bread there is a weakness of mine!  The last weekend of the market, I buy about 3 bags of that and freeze it for the winter to enjoy.  The produce I love b/c I find it to be more affordable and better quality than the stores.  It's not huge which I love b/c I see the same people all the time - just the neighborhood people.  And the I *have* to buy flowers every time I go which has never been me but now I have to have fresh flowers in the house every week.  

This is a great start to a Saturday morning, grab your reusable back, the dog and a coffee, and go out to shop with the locals!  There's nothing better and another one of the countless reasons I love Chicago! Great baked goods, several farm stands, fresh flowers, and a changing assortment of other booths.  This is a small, neighborhood market, organized by a company that sets up farmers markets in Paris. I should be going here for the fresh fruits and vegetables -- you won't see strawberries like these at the supermarket! -- but it's really the pretzel bread and cheese loaf that get me out of bed on a Saturday morning. 

You can find seasonal produce (we're in strawberry & rhubarb time right now), as well as a selection of staples (potatoes, onions, lettuces), and usually some specialty items.  Several stands sell their own jams and jellies, and a bee-keeper has been offering honey there lately, too.  

There are frequently stands with specialty food items, like barbecue sauce, olives, or cheeses.  In addition, you'll find a changing array of jewelry-sellers, local artists (got a real deal on a painting of the Illinois prairie last week, because it was raining and the artist wanted to make a sale -- that doesn't happen at Jewel!), and craftspeople.

The market is open from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. and you can easily combine a trip here with breakfast at one of the many local brunch spots or coffee shops. Great farmer's market with a unique selection of vendors. The big produce stand is great and accepts credit cards, but make sure to check out the bread folks (olive bread) and the cheese stand (string cheese and cheese curds), great stuff. I love this market too. Some of the original vendors are still there since it launched (3 yrs ago?) so it's really nice to see them year after year. The pretzel bread is amazing (seems to be lots of agreement on this). The produce is just picked, fresh and wonderful. I don't buy any vegies at grocery stores when the market is open. This  year, there's a yummy olive oil vendor and some jams and jellies. 

The craft vendors don't take booths for the season but rotate, so you never know who will be there from week to week. The Nettelhorst School courtyard is definitely one of my "go to" Sat morning hangouts. OMG to cute to boot!  I love this little market and it completely made my Saturday morning!  All of the fresh breads, herbs, oils, veggies and fruits blend together to make some of the best smells in the city.  

This is my second market experience and I must say even though this one was smaller I fell in love with it right away!  Everyone is so friendly and helpful and the prices are define.  I know a lot of people say they've noticed a price increase in items because of the economy well not here!  

I know I mentioned this is a smaller market.  Maybe 20-30 vendors as someone else mentioned but I spent nearly 45 minutes here wandering around and taking it all in.  I will definitely be back.  

I'm from a smaller town and this little market reminds me of home! Love this local Farmer's Market and try to make a trip there every Saturday.  The produce is fresh and delish.

Last summer, there was a vendor there selling beautiful Italian photographs.  Wish I would have gotten her card...any Yelpers have her info or website? Pros: Convenient location, fresh fruits and vegetables, competitive prices, satisfaction from buying fresh food at a local market.
Cons: Slightly small.

I really like this small and sweet lil neighborhood market. Last Saturday was my first time here and I regret not going here earlier. The place is small so there are just 1-2 stalls per item. A bigger place would probably give more options. But nevertheless, the stalls that are present are pretty good. I bought my weekly quota of vegetables and fruits which were all very fresh. The prices are comparable to those at whole foods (which is where I usually shop), a couple of veggies seemed slightly higher but others were almost equally or even slightly lower priced. The peaches were wonderful, they were soft and juicy and worth every cent I spent on them(4$ for a box of abt 6-7 good sized peaches). I am surely going again for the remaining few weeks that are left before the onset of winter. Fresh food, friendly vendors, and right by my apartment! Going to the Farmer's Market never ceases to amuse me. the flowers are lovely. What a cute lil farmers market! They had all I was looking for plus yummy looking pastries, pretty flowers and nice handcrafted jewlery and purses. I love that it's 2 blocks from my places and can't wait to enjoy it next summer, as sadly the season is drawing to a close. Great find in East Lakeview!  Can't wait for them to start up again in a few weeks ... Last year they had Brussel Sprouts the size of your fist that were the best I've ever had!  And I can't say enough about those pretzel rolls  ... Ahhh, breakfast at Stella's, a little walk down to Melrose ... Great  way to spend a weekend morning!  Spring, hurry up and get here! I went to this market today, hoping to find organic vegetables and be able to give my money to the local economy instead of big corporate conglomerates like Albertsons or Safeway. I asked one of the guys about some of the vegetables and how they are grown, and I was surprised to find out that they are grown conventionally (hot house and with pesticides). He didn't seem to know a lot about the vegetables and that the actual owners don't' come out to these farmers markets. So I asked if I could pay them a visit, and he told me they dont' take visitors. Is it because they don't want the public to see their own practices? Maybe their vegetables are no better than Jewel or Dominicks? I don't know. I also met a woman there who was dressed like she was amish, but after talking to the first guy, it made me wonder if it was a gimmick. If you're buying from farmers markets to support local farmers and get organic fresh produce, this is not the one to go to. They are slightly more expensive than the chain grocery stores, but it does not seem worth the cost.

They do have nice crafts there, that I would consider checking out though, I also personally dont' eat any dairy products, so I can't speak about the quality of those items, but I think your money would be better spent on another place's vegetables. What a great find along route 59!  I religiously hit the farmers market every Saturday morning, but last Saturday I couldn't get up in time, and I assumed I was SOL for the week.  My son was playing in a football game @ Commissioner's Park down on 111th, so I found myself in this neck of the woods in the afternoon.  I was pretty psyched to see this place, so I drove in and found some amazing produce sold by really nice people!

Most of the stuff they sell is locally grown, and what isn't local is clearly labeled. I'm not a "locavore" and I think the whole concept is kind of silly, but I do love the freshness of the farmers markets and farmstands. These folks tell you exactly where you are getting your produce from, so if that's important to you, they've got you covered.

Their carrots here are amazing.  For years we used to buy the baby carrots at the grocery store.  Let me tell you, the real carrots that you have to peel and cut are 100x tastier than baby carrots, and the carrots here are the best I've ever seen (or tasted).  I also picked up some beautiful arugula (just barely bitter and delicious), celery, 6 ears of corn, and a few other items.  They also have a really beautiful selection of pastas and honey.  

Prices were VERY reasonable.  For the quality I would have honestly paid more, but I got out for less than $25 for over a week's worth of produce.  They are really nice people, and they even take credit cards (which is great).

Overall an excellent farmstand!  I will be back the next time my kids have games out this way.  I might even make a special trip or two just to get more of those carrots, too. Really cute little farmstand/nursery. All the produce looked really fantastic and fresh. There were all sorts of homemade items in jars. Jams and jellies. Fresh honey and maple syrup as well. 

The only reason I'm giving them a 4 star review is the fact that unless you had a landscaper you could not purchase items out in the fields. I get it that many people are fine with hiring a landscaper, but my husband and I prefer to do our own landscaping. I am not sure why this was a requirement and I hope in the future they will rethink this as it deters probably many more customers. One of the best farmstand I have been.  Very clean and fun to go around.  Lots of fresh veggies.  Love the onion and the eggs that they sell are the best.  Love the hot peppers, fresh spinach..... I can go on and on about this place.  The ladies are wonderful and wish them the best. I have been a fan of this farm stand since we discovered it. And my latest experience there has left much to be desired. One of the clerks, a blonde woman with a practical bob was very rude to me and my daughter. And when we moved from the tomato area she took away every tomato I and my daughter touched. She accused my daughter if squeezing them when she hadn't. And for her to talk to a 4 year old and not me directly seemed wrong. I have no idea what that was about but I will not pay money to be insulted. There are quite a few farm stands in the area. And a French market nearby. I'll take my business elsewhere. Awesome people and great variety of local (when possible) fruits and veggies. We come here almost every weekend. Very disappointing produce and even worse customer service. 

Staff was too busy flirting with customers to take a question, and when finally talking to a manager they were condescending and abrupt. 

Produce left MUCH to be desired being dry and bitter when expected to be luscious and vibrant. Fresh local produce and friendly, helpful service.  Took a ride out to the "country" to get tomatoes and fixin's so hubby could can a batch of his delicious chili sauce.  Great variety and lots of other items too such as jellys, popcorn kernel varieties and pickles.  Definitely will return. This is a nice produce stand housed in a little barn structure, the rural nature of which is oddly juxtaposed against the screaming traffic of Route 59 beyond. Beyond carrying a variety of fruits and veggies -- potatoes, onions, pattypan squash, eggplant, zuchinni, green onion, radishes, apples, peaches, plums, blueberries, among other things -- they also have a number of jams and jellies, sauces, salsas, pickles, and pie fillings ready-made for sale. 

I bought a half-dozen ears of bi-color corn for $2.50 I believe (they were pre-bundled and I prefer to choose my own from open stock, but the one I pulled out and had a look at looked good, and all the tassels were still golden and sticky, a sign of fresh ears). I also got a little bunch of purple radishes, and the lady ringing us up threw in the last remaining bunch of radishes they had for free (it was nearing the end of the day, and "they just looked so sad by themselves!") I also nabbed a peach and a Jersey Mac apple -- easy breakfasts, and they looked so much better than the grocery store versions, particularly the apple! 

There is also a small selection of potted plants outside for sale. The bigger selection of plants off to the side are apparently sold only to landscapers. 

They are open daily from 9-6 through Halloween. So the next time you're fitful for a forkful of the farm but you're cruising by in your convertible on 59, make a pit stop at Wagners and grab some greens. You should eat more roughage anyway. This farm stand has what I need and I frequent this establishment every two days!  

Arugula, cilantro, basil (italian, lemon, thai), cucumbers, white and red potatoes.  White corn and bi-color sweet corn.  Rainier cherries.

I buy the hot corn salsa and pour it over the arugula for extra spiciness.

I also bought an Endless Summer Hydrangea from their flower collection.  It's very large and healthy! We love, love, love this farm stand! The corn is picked fresh every day and all the produce is fresh and good. And they sell a sauerkraut that is the best ever as well as great pickles. 

Highly recommended. I enjoy going to this small friendly farm stand every week from July all the way thru October! The corn never disappoints! And the nectarines, grapes, tomatoes, potatoes, apples,(including honey crisp) pumpkins, and melons are so tasty!  I am always so sad when it closes for the season. My favorite farmers market!! Right in my lovely Florissant hometown! In and out with all the fresh essentials. This place features low quality at high prices (with the exception of a few loss leaders to get you in the door).
The fruit is way past its eat by date let alone should be out for sale.  
They are also not a credit card friendly establishment.  They require minimum of $10 to use credit. Who is going to spend $10 on produce that is going to spoil before you can eat it? 
With silly credit card policies, you should avoid this place and head to Thies'. Or the Dierbergs around the corner. Love this place! I always stop here before heading to my usual grocery store. The last new recipe I was trying, called for about 5 different spices I've never heard of. I found all of them here for a great price. Glad to have this little store right around the corner! Cute market in Florissant around the way. Their prices for produce are cheaper than your local supermarket and locally grown I believe. Really great spice section! You can find anything in there and assorted grains, rice, etc. I usually just look at their sign when driving by to see what is on sale, friendly staff and I think you have to spend $9 or $10 to buy with debit. The produce is good and fresh. Everyone is very nice and helpful. Would be nice if they posted what types of payments they took and would be really nice if they took EBT. You may be here a while.  There are so many spices that you may lose control.  You can find ghost pepper here which is a good thing.  Lots of plants and veggies and produce as well.  Pretty reasonable prices and a lot of inventory This mom and pop grocery store has fresh fruits and veggies at a reasonable price. My favorite thing about Goeke's is their herbs and spice section. They have the largest selection I have ever seen, and they even have custom blends for marinating and making dips and dressings. If you are looking for healthy snacks, they have containers of nuts and dried fruits. All in all it's a cool little store. Farmstand in Springfield with high quality locally grown produce. Selection in early September was tomatoes, peppers, eggplant, zucchini, squash, apples.  Everything looked very good and the woman working there is quite friendly. I went here hoping to pick apples, but they don't offer pick your own. They do have many available for purchase in half peck bags though and they really are good for being home-grown. I saw on another website you could pick apples here so that was a bummer, but I guess they do have pick your own strawberries in the spring. Worth stopping if you are in the area. The Miller Beach Farmer's Market is great.  I only wish that it were bigger and had more vendors.  The honey stand (Panos Farm) sells the best honey I have ever tasted.  The cheese stand (Stamper Cheese) is also great and the vendor will let you sample any of the cheeses.  I am looking forward to the spring for the market to open again.  It would be great if they had a location to hold the market indoors during the winter months. The Valpo Market has grown over the last few years! As an ice cream vendor, we have been happy with the dedication and perseverance that the Valparaiso Events team has shown to grow this market. The location is perfect right in the middle of downtown and there are numerous options for crafts, fresh seasonal vegetables, food and flowers. Grab your produce and walk to one of the many downtown Valparaiso restaurants for lunch! This market just keeps better and better. We look forward to the different options every year. Nice little farmers' market. With a few local farm stands, a couple snack tents/trucks, and the occasional handicraft vendor. It seems small, even for a community this size, and the selection isn't as wide as I'd like, but things are fresh local, and at a couple vendors, organic. The guy and I stopped by this market and I could not believe how fantastic the prices were! We got there late (around 2:30pm) and they were starting to wrap up, but we managed to pick up a huge box of strawberries (about 12 one pint containers), a huge box of ripe vine tomatoes and a box of green seedless grapes. We had enough fruit for about a month, and we got the whole thing for $20. 

The best part is that this farmer's market is right in front of the new Whole Foods. 

See you next week! I'm gong to go ahead and echo the reviewer below who said this is "barely a farmer's market."
It's more accurately about 8-10 booths set up in a church parking lot, and only half of them have food (produce, baked goods, and the other staples you would expect at a farmer's market).
I was definitely disappointed. I wasn't expecting the same size as Lincoln Park's, but this was a bit pathetic to be frank. I'd save my time if I were you, but if you insist on trying it out, it takes place on Thursdays from 4-8pm. Uhh......this is hardly a "farmers" market. It's mostly people selling a bunch of junk.  There is some fruit and vegetables, but not much. Fun place to shop for pumpkins. They have a wicked selection to choose from. They were $7-10 per pumpkin. We got there when the guy was bringing them straight from the field! Fresh ones last longer.  ;-)

Randy's also sells apple cider, frosted cookies, pumpkin carving tools, decorations, and a few root vegetables. It looked like they have a little more going on during the weekend with hot food and hayrack rides.

Be sure to take your picture with one of the wooden pop-ups they have built. Super cute! Randy's is a fun place to visit during the Halloween season, just be sure to pack your wallet. I have been very disappointed.  We went there the first time a few months ago.  There hours said open.  Even the sign stated their opening time.  We waited 20 minutes in the parking lot and they never opened.  Then I took my son there to have a fun day to find out the rides are only available during the weekend.  Okay I understand it because school is in session but there are still moms that have preschoolers and while the weather is nice is looking for some fun things to do.  I am sure a group of moms looking for a play date would agree.  But it wasn't just the fact that the rides were not available but the lady at the desk was so rude.    She was not personable or anything.  Almost like she tried to be belittling.  But honey your no better then the next.  

I don't think Ill ever waste my time going there again.  I'd rather pay a little bit more and know that I wont be stressed by people showing up late and people being ignorant. We go here every year for pumpkins but on top of that they have rides for the kids and a little vegetable stand inside. We love coming here because it is so interactive for the whole family. I'm giving them a 3, I only bought corn but I wouldn't go back for it, wasn't very good or fresh. I gave an extra star because the employees are friendly. I feel as though this place is waiting for the land price to increase to the point where they can sell. It's very expensive to buy things here. Awesome radishes, lettuce, tomatoes and even hanging baskets. They grow organic, pesticide-free veggies out in Indiana. They go to Covington, Crawfordsville and Danville farmers markets. 

They also have onion, cucumber, and bok choi.

And, there is a pumpkin patch! Love this place! Tons of apples (especially Honeycrisp), none of the poor animals sitting out in the sun that so many other places have, and the people who work here are very kind. It's not terribly crowded, either, and they have a cute shop for lunch with hot dogs and pulled pork sandwiches. Note about September 2018: the mosquitoes are INSANE. BRING INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH BUG SPRAY, and you'll be fine. It's so cute!!! Who doesn't love an orchard?!!!! 

I so didn't plan on doing this while I was in town but I am so glad that I did. Their apples are delicious and it's not expensive. And there's something about picking them fresh yourself! 

Also, you must try their apple donuts!!! They are so soft and delicious and not very sweet. Also try their apple cider and a slice of apple pie. 

There's a little store with other fresh goodies that you can take home with you. 

The take cash or card. An entire peck of honey crisp apples was only 24.50! 
Great staff, well maintained orchard and amazing prices. Kids had a great time minus all the frills!(no wagon rides/bounce houses, etc.) I would have given 5 stars if the little country shop offered more. I would have liked to grab pack of cider donuts and maybe caramel apples to go but no such luck. Swarms of mosquitoes! Apples were good but we had to pick them in about 15 minutes because we were being eaten alive! No fun at all.
Won't go next year without checking. Also that 1-4 people for $19 only gets you ONE bag, so children can't even carry a small bag. Disappointing. As others have mentioned, there were a lot of mosquitoes which bit everyone in our party including our 2 year old. The apples were fine, but would not come back unless they resolve this issue. Wonderful apple picking experience!! Charming, personable, natural, and engaging. Can buy 1 peck bags to fill, given picking instructions and able to pick as many apples that will fit into the bag. If not interested in picking apples, there is a cute shop to purchase already picked apples. Reasonably priced and great tasting apples. Will definitely return next season. My husband and I were looking for a no-frills farm for apple picking, and this place is exactly that! Parking is free, there's no admission price and U-Pick apples are $19/peck. The orchard is well-organized so it's easy to find which types to pick. We picked a little of everything that was available (Golden Delicious, Fuji, Gala and Jonathan). I think Honeycrisp season is over, but they have them in the barn to purchase, along with various jams, butters and other local goods. Staff is super friendly and we enjoyed our visit! We'll definitely be back next year for more apples! Not too far from Chicago, a more minimal u-pick orchard without the frills, which worked out for us. We went on the last day of their season, and it was $1/lb, 25% off everything in the store. Besides apples, they also had some pears. Even though there weren't too many types of apples available, totally understandable since it was their last day. The apples were delicious, friendly owner, and we all genuinely enjoyed our time. A no frills u-pick place that was more low key than some of the other apple orchards around. This is a plus. A peck of honey crisp apples was $25 while the other apples were $19/peck. Love this place , we are a local family and come here multi times a year! Unlike the too big too expensive farm down road. Great everything here. Can't wait for more donuts!!! I love this place! For $17 a peck it's the best deal around. There is no need to pay the big bucks at other places for bounce houses & utter chaos. The apples were so tasty and juicy. They have a lot of Honeycrisp trees too, which turns out to be a great deal overall! I will definitely be back! Absolutely a perfect orchard if you want to focus on picking apples! Easy to get to from the Chicago suburbs and reasonably priced. You may want to pair this trip with a visit to somewhere else in the area because it is a compact orchard that you will spend an hour at. Just what we were looking for!  Just apple picking, varieties to choose from, plenty of great looking and tasting apples.  Good price for a peck of apples.  They had a cute store with cider donuts, honey, etc. and a pile of hay for the kids to jump in.  We will definitely come here again! No frills orchard for apple picking. Organized in nice sections- one for just honey crisp, the other was general. You can get a bag and fill it up. They have a nice store with various pies, butter, jam and salsa. The donuts for sale were fresh. The cold apple cider was refreshing on the hot day that we visited. There is a huge chair to get photos of your kiddies with:)! The staff is friendly and helpful. There is a parking area outside for visitors. Really nice apple orchard. It's not super fancy but it's fairly cheap and it's all fresh. They don't have a huge variety of apples to pick but it's not busy and it's clean. I also recommend getting the apple pie. It's to die for. Picked some wonderful Honeycrisp here today. We loved the small quaint orchard with friendly staff. So glad we only had to pay for what we picked. No overpriced entrance fees. Splurge on a slice of the strawberry rhubarb pie a la mode. It was heavenly! What a beautiful orchard, friendly people. Reasonable prices. Not a circus like most Orchards Great apples and pumpkins.  My kids love the apple donuts.  The harvest wasn't great this year so no apple picking this year, but last year was great and so will next year.  Great people that run this orchard.  The dwarf apple trees are really great for kids to pick apples because they are so low to the ground.  I really like this place and we will be back for pumpkins later this fall.  

The produce is expensive just like you would expect for organic high end vegetables and fruit, however, there is no admission fee or other circus gimmicks which makes this a family friendly place to go on a budget. When my wife (then girlfriend) and I met, we started a tradition of picking fresh apples in the fall so that she can bake delicious homemade pies.  We've tried a few places along the way, all in the outskirts of the suburbs, but Prairie Sky Orchard is BY FAR our favorite.

What separates Prairie Sky is its lack of gimmicks.  Here, you won't be charged admission to enter; there's no carnival rides, no tourist traps, no overpriced concession stands.  Here, it's all about the apples and the pumpkins - everything you need to get your fall festivities going!

Here's the trick to really enjoy it: pay attention to the weather and to their website.  Even though the farm has expanded the orchard and their pumpkin patch, this place has become so popular that they tend to run out!  

It's nothing but pure simplicity.  You get your bag, and you pick your apples off the tree.  They have several different varieties.  In the barn, they have cider, doughnuts, pies, jams, and other items.  All fairly priced, I think (at least, compared to other orchards we've been to), and, again, not too flashy.

Don't get the wrong idea about there being a lack of entertainment: this place is perfect for kids, too!  They don't need to be overstimulated by displays and sugar.  Here they can pick their own pumpkin and tote in in a Radio Flyer to the pumpkin wash (to clean off the dirt n mud).

It might be a bit of a drive for some, but it's well worth it.  Make a day out of it, if you can - after this visit, head a little further into Union to visit the Illinois Railway Museum! We drove here from Chicago with our 5 month old son.  I was intent on apple picking and getting pumpkins not at the local Jewel, but also not dealing with outrageous fees and huge crowds.  This little orchard was just the ticket.

We strolled around in the orchard and picked a peck which I think came out to like $12.  It was gorgeous, and there were still plenty of apples left, although my husband is freakishly tall so we were able to reach up for the good apples all those average size people left behind. Lots of families but not too crowded.  We sampled our loot while walking around which was cool.

After we got our fill of apples, we got 2 pumpkins and bought a bunch of stuff in the shop including salsas, apple butter, cider, doughnuts, a bunch of other jars of stuff that looked tasty.  The damage?  $95.  We realized we'd been had when on the way home we passed a pumpkin patch that said "2 pumpkins for $3" (We paid $9 a piece for ours).  However, there was no entrance fee and no parking fee, and the people running this joint were really nice.  Definitely recommended for a day out of the city.

If picking apples and buying canned goods sounds too boring, All Seasons Orchard is nearby, but it looked massively crowded so we stayed clear. Ok, I've been living in this city for over 3 years now...why have I not come here until now?! Mistakes have been made.

Located right by the library, this farmers market is open Saturday mornings June-October. They have all different vendors, mostly food, some are not. They have fresh fruits and veggies, plants, baked goods, olive oil, pasta/sauces, and much more! The vendors are very nice (some take only cash, some take credit as well). Everything is fairly priced. 

They also have a DJ playing music in the background - nice touch! I loved it and I can't wait to go back. come and support your local farmers and local organizations --- and eat fresh fruits and vegetables --- different vendors each week, the group that made it are the ones who woke up early and were responsible enough to set up...the ones not present, are the ones who partied a little too much on Friday night! This is a great farmers market!  Tons of fun activities for children and families and everyone is very friendly. Quite a few great vendors, including vegetables, meat, and food producers.  They even have different events and themes each week, often times with an accompanied children's activity.  Looking forward to going back to this market in the spring with the family. This is a really great market to visit on Saturday morning from May-October.

Plenty of vendors selling flowers, plants, produce, cheese, honey, salsas, meat, baked goods galore, handcrafted decor items, handcrafted gift items and the list goes on!

Food trucks are plentiful, sure to cure whatever craving you have. Local organizations also have booth space; think League of Women Voters, etc.

Free parking in Lincoln Square mall.

Don't miss it!!! I work with the Urbana Farmers Market and I LOVE IT! So much variety, quality, personality and flavor. Glad to be part of the adventure. You can find me at the Urbana Farmer's Market every Saturday! I LOVE it! Here's some tips....

Too expensive?
This market is one of those markets where the vendor has to grow or make what it's selling. That means that things are higher quality than other markets where a lot of vendors buy fruit and vegetables in bulk from distributors and resell it. Want to save money? Check out the "seconds" bins underneath the table tops. This is where you can get produce like tomatoes for sometimes half the price!

Too crowded?
SHOW UP EARLY! The retired folks do it right. Get there before 9am, and you'll avoid the strollers and impatient crowds.

Not finding what you're looking for?
This goes back to the fact that the vendor has to grow what it sells. Obviously, you're probably not going to find cucumbers in August. They just don't typically grow around that time around here. Although, it all depends on the year. A warm spring means you might find tomatoes as early as May. A cool summer means you might find cucumbers in August. Also, SHOW UP EARLY! The good stuff always goes fast! The farmer's market is one of my favorite things to do every Saturday! I just feel happy starting my weekend at the market - browsing, shopping, enjoying the activity, talking to people I see week after week, and getting a little breakfast. People and the whole vibe is so friendly.

Though you might consider things a bit more pricey than what you'd find at a store, keep in mind that this is locally produced by people who work hard to make artisan products and grow/raise organic food. I appreciate this so much since I have a "black thumb" and can't grow much of anything. The in-season product is so good. Asparagus and scapes in the spring. I brave the heat for the corn, peaches, and tomatoes that are their best mid-summer. The kale, squash, potatoes in the fall. Offerings throughout the season include baked goods, jams, handcrafts, jewelry, soaps and salves.

There's plenty of free parking for both cars and bikes. It's easy access. Bring sunscreen if you're going to hang and bring your own shopping bags if you can. There's all sorts of music going on. And sometimes there are special programs - like local bands, grilled pizza tutorials, bike clinics (where you can get a free tune up!), blood drives if you're able to donate, etc.

Bonus: Due to my weekend habit at this farmer's market, I smell and look amazing because I've gotten so much handmade soap and jewelry from vendors here. I go hungry but leave happy - partly because I really enjoy the breakfast burritos, donuts, kettle corn... Farmer's markets have been springing up in most Midwestern towns for some time now. This market is the real deal and offers an eye-popping variety of produce, meats, flowers, and craft items along with a number of fresh food vendors. I haven't had a garden in a few years but I'm able to get everything I need here. A bonus is that Ye Olde Donuts, a tradition in C-U, has a table here where I can pick up my favorite apple fritters. You need to get here early for the best selection of items. This may be my happy place. There isn't much better than watching locals buy local products and seeing smiles galore. It's good for my soul.

Last year we loved getting donuts from Pandamonium and goodies from Hopscotch. Hopscotch isn't at the market this year but you can still get Kaya's goodies at Art Mart on Prospect.

Today we purchased some sweet corn, tomatoes, onions, arugula and kale. All of these items were grown in the CU area. True, you may pay a bit more than at Wal-Mart or Meijer but you are supporting your neighbors rather than a large corporation.

Plus, everything is so tasty. The smell of kettle corn tempts me every time! Cool farmers market my friends took me to while visiting.  It is one of the bigger markets I have been to.  A nice selection of locally grown vegetables and fruits.  They have some local meat vendors selling items such as locally made jerky to bison patties.  Pricey but your directly supporting a local business.  Bakers seeling cookies and breads.  Other vendors seeling jams and spreads.  The cookies are the bomb.  I would go back weekly just to pick up some the week.  A definite must stop by if your town on a Saturday. My girlfriend and I come here almost every Saturday as part of our weekend routine. We love that it offers more than just local food, and that it offers crafts, music, social causes, and so much more. Love coming to the farmer's market, and we'll continue to make it a staple of our weekend. The "derelict" Lincoln Square includes one of the most successful food co=ops in the country, Common Ground.
I have been a Market patron almost from the beginning. It simply doesn't get any better. You pay a bit more but what you get is fresh & won't start going bad a few days after you bring it home like some of grocery store produce. And you can buy products you simply can't buy any where else. It's why I wake up early on Saturday morning. A must-visit for anyone in the Champaign-Urbana area. Tons of vendors from all over Central Illinois set up to share their organic and hand-crafted goodness with the local consumers. You can find just about anything here, and if you don't, go into Common Ground nearby to grab any other local and organic items you couldn't find at the market. Peace. The Urbana Farmers Market is with certainty one of the things that has kept me here over the years. Of all the markets I have been to across the country, ours seems to have the greatest diversity of high quality product. From fresh flowers to honey, vegetables to abundant fruits, house plants to cutting boards, food trucks, popcorn, and more, any trip to the market will have you returning home with treasure. If for whatever reason you have lived here a while and not made it to the Saturday market, get yourself over there. It will change the way you feel about the city you call home. Really enjoyed the lettuce,tomato, zuchinni selection! Also liked their pops! I was very happy to see a vegan vendor from The Dancing Dog Eatery, not only do they offer food , they also have juices & smoothies. Would have loved it this market had some fresh juices. Check out the co-op supermarket while you are there. Sorry to say it, but the Urbana Farmers Market is overpriced. I cannot imagine spending $3.00 a pound for string beans, for example. Tomatoes are also priced at $3.00 a pound even when the vendors' tables groan with them in August. New York's Union Square greenmarket is cheaper! Of course there's that airfare...

I go once in a while to buy zucchini, onions, and garlic and to get tomatoes from vendors who sell the ones with blemishes for $2.00 a pound or less. If you poke around you can find some bargains, but this is the most expensive farmers market I've ever been to unfortunately. I cannot for the life of my understand why this market, in the middle of (and close driving distance from) farmland, is priced on average higher than my local Beverly Hills, CA farmer's market.  Why would I pay more for local crops in Champaign than irrigated stuff driven more than an hour in to LA?

Blah.

Aside from that, this is actually a pretty great farmers market.  Big (bigger than most where I live, though we have multiple throughout the city every day of the week, so I suppose that's why) and with a great selection.  We bought two dozen tuberose that made the house smell like Hawaii for days, fantastic sweet potatoes and the obligatory crate of sweet corn.  The ice cream truck sold us a pint of lemon that was, dare I say, BETTER THAN CUSTARD CUP.

It's always a must whenever I visit Champaign-Urbana, and rarely disappoints. I love farmer's markets, but I especially love this farmer's market because it fosters so many great habits from me. First off, lately I've found myself biking there. Second, when I go there, I make it a goal to buy at least one vegetable to incorporate into my cooking. This week I am going to bake some zucchini. Mmm...

Some of my favorite items here:
Pumpkins. I bought a pumpkin with some serious "personality" for $5. It was tri-colored and oddly shaped. It makes for a great doorstep decoration.

Apple butter and pumpkin butter from the amish stand. Delicious and only made with natural ingredients.

Fresh herbs like basil, except they go bad if you don't use them immediately.

Cherry tomatoes, especially the heirloom variety that come in unusual colors. I had the privilege of trying a purple - yes, purple - variety that was savory. Mmm...

Additional favorites: 
- Live folk and clarinet music
- Fresh kettle corn
- The waffle truck! (I will write a separate review for this). In one word: Overrated. (well, and overpriced). The prices are outrageous. Even if this was in NYC or the West Coast, the prices would still be high. Music is a mixed bag to put it nicely. Great place for kids to practice their violin lessons and make some good money. The arts and crafts vendors tend to have marketable but highly predictable, tame and cliched work. Yet many people think it's fine art. That being said, there are a few surprises worth noting, mainly in specialty food products. But honestly, it's not stuff that you can only get there. Also the crowds and parking is a drag. And it seems like the prices just keep getting higher yet people race back there even faster. I think I'll just stick to buying my unglamorous but cheap produce at Meijer... This is actually one of the best farmers markets I've ever been to! Tons of fresh produce, eggs (even the duck variety), meats, and crafts vendors. Young and talented musicians on very corner. Lots of great places to grab something to eat as well. I saw everything from tacos, to chicken and waffles, to empanadas, to donuts, to barbecue. I will recommend the Popsicle stand in the very back that sells creative Popsicles. Creative flavors like pineapple habenero, and very refreshing! I hope to come back to this market some time! I get very excited about going to the Market at the Square but not excited enough to get there before 10 o'clock. That's not a knock on the Market, but is more a function of my love for sleep.

Though today (mid-May), they only had asparagus, the selection rounds out toward the end of the summer. I particularly enjoy sweet corn around late August. 

Prices are a little bit higher here but it feels good to buy locally and I really like how, in my experience, everything's been super fresh. I also like how there's a lot of non-produce stuff like meat, cheese, bread, etc.

All in all, Market at the Square is a great place to go. I just moved here from up north and this is by far the best Farmer's Market I have ever been to.  There is a little something for everyone.  Fruits, veggies, dairy, meat, fresh cut flowers, jewlery, baked goods.

I go every Saturday now.  I buy everything I need for the week at the market.  My favorites are the cupcakes and cheesecakes....oh it's soooo yummy. Great market for the size of Champaign/Urbana.  Great variety of local meat, veggies, fresh cut/live flowers, cheese's, hand crafts, and jewelry. I like the influx of the food trucks, but Fryer Tucks was first and I  find myself falling back to wanting a egg, cheese, and sausage on a wheat english muffin with onions.  They use eggs and sausage from the local vendors.  I think Cracked might also use local eggs, but not sure.  
There are your mainstay vendors, but every year there is some turn over with new farmers or artisans that help to make every year a little different.
The live music provided by good and not so good musicians also lends to the character of the market.  It is also nice to peruse the various community groups whom are out there.  Art mart, Lincoln Square Mall, Common Ground Co-op and downtown Urbana are all right there also.
Several veggie vendors have seconds available to help save a few $ as the market is not as cheap as the grocery store.  Garlic in particular seems $$ to me, but the varieties have been fun to explore and I hear tell its not as easy to grow and prep for  market as onions.
I will also be quite honest it's not just about the food and crafts.  For me the market is very much part of my social life.  I see so many people I know there every Saturday morning from co-workers, to neighbors, to random friends I have not seen in months. I've made friends with many of the vendors and look forward to talking to them about their grandkids, their hogs not liking the left over broccoli, growing conditions, recipes, and food policy.  The community I have found on the corner of Illinois and Vine is lively, generally friendly, and safe. Great little local shop! They don't have everything, but I enjoy supporting local businesses. Let me start off by saying I was a customer of Farmer Pride Producers for over three years. I loved being able to have a local shop for amazingly fresh and organic produce. They also had a nicely run and affordable butchers section.

 A few months ago, the store was purchased by new owners and well, I would suggest never shopping there. The first time I went there after the transition I noticed a gnarly, almost kiddy litter like smell. The whole store smelled like it. I went to the freezer section to grab a pizza and noticed it was off. They owners were putting bags of ice at the bottom. The food was not even close to frozen. I asked the young woman who works the register where the owner was and she told me it was under new management.

I then went to the butcher section and decided to see what was going on. I asked for a pre-packaged pack of chicken thighs and as soon as it was handed to me and I could smell it. The same thing happened to my roommate days after. I truly think its only a matter of time before someone gets sick eating their meat here.

But that wasn't all that changed. After passing on the chicken thighs, I decided to grab a can of Amy's soup since I didn't trust anything that was cooled or frozen in the store. I went to the register and she told me it was $3.99 plus tax for the can of soup. I laughed and walked out. 

The old owners were as kind as could be and maintained an immaculate  store with the freshest of produce and meat. The new owners have turned the place into a horrible smelling, overpriced and an unfriendly store. It's a shame for us Logan Square residents. I really don't see this store lasting much longer.

Avoid. Avoid. Avoid. Great little grocery store that has almost everything our family could need on a weekly basis. The wine and beer selection is amazing given their size, but that is certainly not the only good thing about Farmer's Pride. Fresh herbs, locally sourced fresh breads and coffee beans, kombucha, Kashi cereal, Ben and Jerry's ice cream, organic milk, free range eggs, multiple kinds of tortillas and sometimes even fresh tamales or baked goods by checkout. And the LaCroix variety is really top notch .  
I've compared the prices to Mariano's with no noticeable difference so I try to come here whenever I can and support local. Farmer's Pride on Milwaukee is a gem of a grocery-far beyond any bodega or convenience store. I come here to do my weekly shopping for my family. Memo and his family and staff have done an exceptional job tailoring the inventory to the trends of the neighborhood. Riced cauliflower? Three kinds of kale? Organic and vegetarian options? It's all here, delivered by the most genial merchants in town. I feel good shopping locally, and supporting the business of a proprietor who truly listens to his customers and strives to exceed their expectations. If you live in Logan Square and still shop at the big chains give Farmer's Pride a second look. First off, this place absolutely wins in the customer service department. We came one time looking for some vegetables and fresh bread. When I looked at the baguettes they carried, I noticed that they were all hard, and continued shopping deciding to get the fresh bread elsewhere. After we'd gotten most of the produce, the clerk came and asked if I was still looking for fresh bread as they'd just gotten a delivery from the bakery that makes their bread. I said yes, and he got a huge and lovely baguette. It smelled so good it was all I could do to not simply start gnawing on it right in the store (Because I'm really classy like that). He's also asked if there are specific things we'd like them to stock to let us know so that they can carry them. We're literally always greeted with a warm smile and a genuine hello.

Now onto the selection... They have their own butcher onsite so the meat selection and quality is always top notch. For a relatively small grocer, the selection is really impressive. Bonus points that they generally always have cheap chicken along with excellent pork cuts and fish. We really like their salmon, which make gigantic fillets for us to Sous Vide. Their vegetable and herb selection are also pretty wide while still managing to be fresh. We didn't expect them to have fresh fennel for a fennel / apple salad, but they did. I've stopped going to Marianos for a lot of the cheeses as most of the nice sharp cheddars, mozzarella, or gouda they keep in stock for less money. It just doesn't make sense for me to shop anywhere else when Farmer's Pride Produce has everything we want, plus the things we don't even know we want for a reasonable price.

Lastly, this is a family owned place. I've met the owner, his wife, and at least one of his young daughters. I'm all about supporting local businesses vs big corporate stores so the money stays in the local economy. It just happens that the quality here trounces pretty much anything within a mile or two for a massive plus.

Cliff Notes: Shutup and take my money! My wife and I just moved to the neighborhood and this is the closest grocery store. Not the most attractive place on the outside, but we decided to give it a try. What a disaster. Filthy floors (rat droppings!!) and old rotten produce. We would have just left right then and there, but it we needed some basic things like eggs and milk and it was too cold outside to go somewhere else. All of their dairy items are way overpriced and a lot of it is expired. We won't be back. I normally wouldn't write a review for what is essentially a bodega (not that there's anything wrong with that), but the staff here is so insanely pleasant and helpful that I often leave with a literal smile on my face. Beyond the great customer service, they have a great selection of food and drink, and make sure to pay attention to the small refrigerator right by the door when you walk in. They make their own salsas, and on the weekends they sell fresh homemade tamales as well. Long story short, this place massively overdelivers on the general concept of corner store. Go here if you live in the hood. The owners/employees here are wonderful!  After only going in like twice, they told me to let them know if there was anything I'd like them to order. They are always super friendly, and quick to serve. Their prices might be a tiny bit higher than the regular grocery store, but certainly not by much, especially considering all the organic and high end products they offer. They always keep an eye on their produce to make sure it's fresh. The one time a product I purchased was unsatisfactory, they accepted the return with no trouble at all. I really hope they stay in the neighborhood . Very handy to the neighborhood.  Great selection of groceries, meats, and produce.  Good selection of organics. Couldn't love this place more! Excellent customer service and they have a remarkable selection. It's so well organized too. They always ask us if we found everything we needed and if we need them to order anything in. We go so often they greet us with smiles and "good to see you again". It's so nice to have a place that feels familiar and small town like that. I believe this is family run too. 

I also one time thought they had charged me the wrong amount, but had forgotten I had been in earlier that week and that was the amount posted to my cc. They called me back promptly and explained that they had charged me the right amount. Truly couldn't ask for a better little neighborhood market! Fell in love with this place.  Great selection of meatless meats.  Staff always very friendly and eager to know if you find anything you need and if you are having a great day.  Vegetables are very fresh too.  I am very happy this grocer is only a few mins walk from my place. I'm a huge fan of Memo's store. Has all of the essentials at a good price, and if they don't have it, Memo offers to get it for you. It's a great little grocery store with a surprisingly extensive beer section. This place is a Godsend to the neighborhood. Quality produce, decent selection of meat, great coffee, all the fun ethnic things that come in jars and cans (for real, it's almost shocking how they seem to always have that one ingredient you need), D'amato's bread, organic items and now they have beer and wine too! Basically, I don't have to go to Mariano's or anywhere else unless I need a particular piece of meat, but they do have chicken and steaks (and boar's head stuff). Everyone go here so we make sure they stay in business please. I live half a block away and have come here several times now looking for a single item or two to complete a meal. They have had everything I've ever needed-- from macaroni pasta to specific produce to lime juice. It's reasonably priced considering it's a small, independent store, and I love supporting them when I can. They also have a great selection of local beers and gluten free options. I'm always greeted and asked if I am looking for anything specific, and on top of all that, there's free parking in their small lot. Thank you-- I'll be back again and again :) Impressed by the level of selection and low prices for a store that size.  Bought fresh chicken breast for $3.50 a pound.  The meat and the produce was great.  Definitely easier to go here than having to go all the way out to Mariano's or Whole Foods. Great addition to the neighborhood... used to shop at the Western Ave location.. Good prices and made to order butcher meat cuts and Boarshead deli meats at affordable prices ... Staff was very helpful and friendly and the price was right. They'll set you up with some cans to wear around your waist and buckets to dump the blueberries into when those are full. A short wagon trip out to the field(they pull you to the picking zone on a golf cart with a trailer with bench seats attached to it), and then you be a pickin! They'll even offer a bit of advice once you get out there if you're a beginner, as I was before today. We forgot to bring our take home containers, but they were happy to provide some boxes for us to use. They do specify that you bring your own to take home your bounty in, so don't expect this. I highly recommend Luedtke and will be right back there again next year! I have been going to this location for about 15 years (except the one year a late frost wiped out the crops) Everyone there is nice, its clean, reasonably priced and lots of fun.   They even sell blueberry muffins on site (very good)  Its so nice to be out in the field picking the bigest bluest sweetest berries you ever tasted! The fresh cut watermelon was amazingly good!

Crisp, fresh, sweet - hard to find in seedless watermelon but here it was. 

Other stuff they sell here like snacks and drinks seemed like ordinary selection except for a few things like chocolate. In an airport pinch you might think this is the place for an organic stop and healthy eatery but at closer look, it carries the same salads, sandwiches and chips as all the other airport places. I was disappointed. 

I got the chicken wrap and the hubby got the turkey Swiss sandwich. Both were past their prime and offered no relief from our hunger after a 2 hour delay. 

The brownies, peppermint chocolate bark and other sweets looked amazing--and we planned to come back after the sandwiches--but we didn't since it was such a fail. 

I'd advise you try to something else when hanging around gate G1. The lady, sorry, woman, working here at 9:15pm on 12/20/15 was incredibly rude and disrespectful.  I walked up and she said "We're closed." I said "Oh okay." and before I had a chance to walk away she says "Helloooooo.  We're CLOSED." People with this amount of contempt for strangers and potential customers should not be allowed to work in a setting requiring people skills. Going to the Evanston farmers market was the highlight of my Saturday mornings. The market is in a great space with lots of nearby parking. The fruits and vegetables all look great and taste just as hood. Usually when I go I buy peaches and peppers. There's also lots of stands for local businesses which is awesome - eating elotes while you browse through the market? Yes please! Coming from the Dallas Farmer's Market where I once got 10 avocados for a dollar, I was prepared to be disappointed. Happily, I wasn't. The produce was less expensive than the store and there were lots of local options. (5 bell peppers for a $1!) I'm not huge into organic, but they had it. 

I really just go for the produce but it would also be a nice spot to bring kids or friends and grab a bite to eat. There's a few little prepared food spots, but they're much more expensive. If you're on a budget, stick to the less processed stuff. 

Pro tip: wear sunscreen! I thought we'd just be there a few minutes. 30 minutes later +my lack of melanin, I was burnt! As glorious as a farmers market can be -- there's produce of all varieties, flowers galore, cupcakes, crepes, tamales, pumpkins (at least in October), free parking, and chairs and tables for sampling your purchases. There are more than enough opportunities for impulse purchases (how I ended up with basil pickled mushrooms, I don't know) which I guess is a testament to just how much variety is here. What a Saturday morning treat to visit this large farmer's market.  It carries so many varieties of organic fruits, vegetables and flowers.  Beautiful eye candy even if you don't want to partake of all of them.  They carry organic meats as well, and there is certainly ample parking. The first hurdle a farmers' market must overcome is accessibility. You could have the freshest, most organic, orgasmic, local, life-changing produce in the galaxy, but if you're asking me to come Mon-Fri, before 7.30pm, ain't happening! How am I supposed to afford locally grown produce if I sacrifice business hours to do so?

Evanston, premier suburb that it is, doesn't force the conscientious consumer to sacrifice productivity for the sake of buying from indy farmers. Opening at 7.30a on a Sat is the way to go. Get going on time, you're out by 8.15a. The boozy brunch places haven't even opened yet for god's sake. I have no choice but to run or workout or something non-detrimental to my health.

As far as vendors, they have Phoenix Bean, aka Jenny's, Tofu. In all honesty, nuff said. But there's more. They have several hot food options (amazing kale burger, organic taco place, others) to nosh on while perusing. The vendors are stocked w/ staff that knows their shit and enjoy engaging w/ the inquisitive clientele. I'm not hard-core to the point of trying to turn arugula, rhubarb and chicory into the greatest meal ever. I stick to poblanos and other chili peppers, maybe some onions too, that I can use to make Mexican food.

Unless you've rejected capitalism and have weekdays off (in which case all power to you), you won't find a better farmers' market. I was enjoying the nice farmers' market selection, when a woman from the City of Evanston booth yelled from three booths over that service dogs aren't allowed. After arguing that my dog was not actually a service dog (even though she is and I had all appropriate documentation), she responded that didn't care anyway. She kicked me out of the market. DO NOT GO to the Evanston farmers' market, especially if you have a service dog (even if it is ADA certified). This was the worst farmer's market experience I've ever had. I was asked to leave because I brought my dog, even though she is a service dog and I had certification on me. Furthermore, the woman at the Evanston Township booth told me that she didn't believe that she was certified to do anything special and dogs love humans no mater what; she has no idea what my disability is and the certifications my dog has earned to support me.  It was incredibly offensive and discriminatory and I will never ever be returning back to support this organization. Great place. Fresh produces.  I found Organic cage free eggs. Lots of fresh greens even flowers there. I'll comeback for sure. By far one of my favorite farmers markets in the Chicagoland area. I truly feel like I can do 95% of my weekly shopping here. Great produce, baked goods, and other prepared foods. We always get fresh local produce, meat, eggs, juice (city press!!!), and a few other fun finds every time we visit. Then we end our market day with amazing crepes. Such a great way to spend summer mornings. Lots of vendors, so the selection is great. The Mexican and crepe stands are where it's at. It's a fairly large market, probably the biggest in the burbs, but parking is a challenge. This farmers market is huuuuuge! The variety of options are amazing, some places better than others! It's more produce heavy than most I've been to which is great! There was a stall in the back that sold 10 zucchinis for $1. I must be in heaven!

Located right next to the public parking lot downtown, it's conveniently located. In case you're hungry there are a few vendors that sell ready to eat food like empanadas and salads.

Good place to buy fresh produce at reasonable prices! Also great to just stroll around and admire at bustling produce lovers! Been coming forever. Wonderful way to spend an early Saturday morning. Terrific farmer's/staff. Food demos. Artwork. Ample parking. Fresh, fast, convenient. This farmers market was great. Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables,  friendly staff. I will definitely be back Easy to locate, super convenient garage parking if street is unavailable. 
Tip - first hour or two in the garage is free. Nice mix of vendors, honey, cheese, meat, veges, fruits, eggs, herbs, baked goods, etc. 
The day we were there we scored some really nice asparagus. 
Some simple live music working for tips adds a nice touch.
People watching and the spirit of youth is all around you.
Plenty of shop and dine nearby if needed.
Tip - not that I witnessed in the farmers market itself, but around the rest of Evanston lots of panhandlers. To the point where they will even walk up to you at a table in a restaurant while you are eating - unsavory. Great framers market! I wish we had a farmers market like this at home! Such a great variety and prices are pretty good. As an Evanston resident, I feel lucky to be so close to this Saturday farmers market. My family looks forward to it every weekend! Its become a tradition to visit the market. There is a variety of great vendors that are warm and friendly. The orifice are fresh and in season, so there is always something new. Best farmers market in the Chicagoland area!

Great food - tamales, elotes, crepes and lots of great baked goods from Sweety Pies in Skokie to Bennison's donuts from Evanston!

Organic and locally grown produce that while yes it's more than you pay in grocery stores, I'd rather know where my food came from and pay the extra to feel secure it's not a GMO product grown in Mexico then covered in wax and shipped here.  Great meat vendors with grass fed nitrate free meats and allsprts of eggs from duck to quail to chickens!  

The most variety of apples I've ever seen can be found at Nicol's Farm, they also have rare items like salsify and fresh mushrooms harvested from the woods (chicken of the woods, hen of the woods, etc), they also have a few varieties of gigantic sweet potatoes!! 

This is an awesome way to start any Saturday with a fresh cup of Intelligentsia coffee from Sweety Pies with a scone or croissant or crepe!! I'm going to say that for vendors and quality of produce this market gets a 5!
But beyond that it gets a 1 star. Ok first no dogs. Second there is security all over taking away from the whole farmers market feel. Also they need a bigger space it is way to compact. Since there are NO dogs allowed I will not go back! Tomatoes and Berries and Corn, Oh My! 

All that and a whole lot more! I came to the Farmer's Market to get some fruits to bring as a snack to the beach.  I read its reviews and knew there would be lots more than fruits available. I didn't get any fruits, but ended up having a nice lunch and browsing the stalls. I'll be back here for sure and here's why.

*Lots of fresh produce. some of the stalls carry the same thing, but sample when they offer, that might make a difference when you're ready to buy. 

*Spacious. Lots of room for browsing without feeling claustrophobic, totally wheelchair and stroller accessible. 

*Kid Friendly. I was so surprised to see small tables and chairs for the little ones to sit. There were also coloring pages offered and a huge bin of crayons.  And sidewalk chalk! Oh my sidekick had so much fun with the sidewalk chalk.  I don't know if that's the norm, but I totally appreciated a fun diversion for him. 

*Food stalls like crepes and tacos. The crepes stand is a favorite of mine--I think they were at another Farmer's Market I visited in Portage Park last year.  I also spied elotes from another stall but I was too full from the crepes to try one. I spied smoothies and coffee, fresh baked items from Bennison's. You could really have breakfast AND lunch here!

A fun way to spend some time before checking out other things Evanston has to offer. This is a quaint little farmers market. I don't know what to say except to throw some shout outs to my favorite booths. Holler at the place that sells adorable mini orchids at $15 for one or $25 for two. 

Awesome Mexican stand with Tamales and tacos. 

Another place has empanadas which hello, yes please?

And I can't forget the smoothie stop where they serve blueberry, strawberry, or mix with cider made with honey crisp apples and blended with ice in a vitamix. The only thing is the dude spilled the smoothie all over the cup when he tried to pour it out of the blender. Come on, butter fingers! :p I live in Pilsen, so a small, local market I can reach easily and browse around is exactly what I was looking for. Reasonably priced produce (best rainbow chard I've ever seen/eaten from here for only $2 a bunch!), and several local artisan booths as well - cheese, tamales, eggs/meat, honey, jams, BBQ/hot sauces, jewelry, breads, etc. Really love the lady selling the lemon curd this summer, that stuff is excellent on English muffins! 

There are usually some community groups or businesses there as well - saw a dog groomer once, the Go Pilsen Initiative, local music, and so on. I visited several times this summer and always found something to enjoy. Yesterday (10/26) was the last outdoor market for the season, and there was a bluegrass band playing in the morning while kids painted pumpkins at another booth. It may not be worth a long haul from across the city, but if you're in the area I think it adds something very cool to the neighborhood vibe. Do not waste your time. Worst farmers market ever. There are 11 tents and only 3 had produce. The rest are crafts and jewelry.The double coupon for LINK is not available here. Since the prices are high that fact was very important to me. I was disappointed. I won't return. Agreed, it's a small Farmer's Market but still worth a visit.  I always feel great about supporting local farmers and merchants and the bonus is I get good treats to eat.  Today we stopped there after grabbing some coffee on 18th and Carpenter ;-).  

We picked up some juicy tomatoes, corn, onions, grape tomatoes, potatoes and garlic.  I also grabbed some chicken and mole and ground beef and potatoes empanadas on the way out for our lunch.  We reheated them on the panini grill at lunch time. I also scored some fun peach jam.  

Can't wait to go back next week and try the fresh bread, pastries,  vegetarian tamales and tarts.  I figure we will take our own "carry out" bags to do good for the environment and take a blanket with so we can turn our Farmer's Market walk into a Sunday picnic. 

Farmer's Market ends Oct. 28 for 2013.  I'm sad I didn't start going sooner but I plan on grabbing some treats from now til then. Now Yelpers, listen up, do you SUFFER from Hayfever like I do??
Here's a secret to save you money and make you less miserable:

Buy local honey at this market (a bottle is $10--way cheaper than OTC Zertec or Claritin) and eat a tablespoon a day.  Before you know it, your allergies will be gone.  Why?!  Because the bees roam around the city and pollinate from the same plants that give your that runny nose and those itchy eyes.  Think of it as a painless immunization.  The beekeeper has her beehives right behind at her Carpenter Street house.  If you really get into it, you can work a deal with the caring beekeeper to purchase a huge bucket for several months.  And the honey is BEE-LICIOUS! (yes, that was lame).

More Good News: 
Gosh, what a cute cultural market!  The salespeople are so sweet and friendly.  The love for what they specialize in or do shines through in their smiles.  The market is like none of the others in the city due to its Latin American cultural roots and flavors.

They have private, original art for sale (meet the artisans themselves), fresh vegetables, breakfast items, coffee/tea/mate, delicious-looking pastries, dog treats, and my favorite...local honey products.

They even have a great looking website (listed above).

The Bad News: 
While it is VERY small (10 tents possibly), they have a great variety of local products.

Bring cash! :)

The VERY Bad News:
You'll have to wait until next year ;(.  The market only runs (well this past year) on Sundays from July 27th until October 26th 9 am to 2 pm.
----
Featured in the Weekly Yelp-Chicago "Farmers Market Almanac" on June 2, 2009: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=W8Z6vofGex0KswvVq8Uxhw A small market but it really makes a Sunday afternoon very pleasant,  if your just lounging around the house and don't want to drive anywhere to get local organic homemade food and pastries.  We usually get the quiche from Beurrage Bakery, and homemade Chili pepper jam with fresh bread.  They even have a little band that plays every now and then. All of the reviews complain that it's small, well it is.  But It's a solid market and I'm very happy with what's available.  The botanic gardens have a great stand with the most delicious sweet chard and kale that money can buy, for 2/3 of the price that you pay at whole foods.  The eggs that you buy on Sunday were laid on Thursday or Friday, and there is a rather decent selection of cheeses from grass fed animals as well.  Great tamales at the tamale stand too.  And wheatgrass shots! A cute farmers market if you are in the area.  I wouldn't make a special trip to this market if not in the area though.  It is very small (like 5 booths).  I thought the prices were pretty reasonable for a Chicago farmers.  In the end, I really wanted to like this market, but it did not succeed.  Hopefully, it will continue to grow. It was a bit smaller than I expected and there wasn't much variety but I still snagged some good items. To be fair I went  about an hour before closing so I don't know if there were more vendors before I arrived. Small market, but worth the trip. They have a little bit of everything and you won't be fighting for things like eggs. Seriously, I love larger markets too, but they sell out of eggs in a matter of minutes! This market is small and quiet and just what I need. This is not a huge market nor particularly cheap, but they have venders selling fresh fruits, jams, and tamales and other stuff alongside tables with used books, DVDs, and key chains. Sometimes I wish it were a little more packed with people so it didn't feel like every vendor was watching anxiously as I round the parking lot checking others out. But it does kinda' feel like it's my own market, like I'm a king with everyone waiting to serve me ;) And luckily the booths are run by super nice people so I always leave with goodies knowing I'll be back too. Not sure if I would make trips from across town for such a market, but if you're like me and live in the hood, it's well worth walking out your back door in pajamas to pickup Sunday morning brunch items and a used DVD of [insert 80s movie here]. This is by no means a bad review.  Being a young market, not even 3 years old, it's very grassroots at this point.  You'll see things here that you wouldn't see at a larger market such as used books for sale and people literally selling produce out the back of their truck.  I was surprised to see a vendor selling grass fed beef so I bought some hot dogs, skirt steak, and a chicken.  I also found some very dark honey which made me think of Guiness beer so I had to have some.

I hate to admit this but the variety isn't quite there to convert me as a regular.  I feel great supporting this market in it's early stages but I would love for it to grow into something larger that offers up much more options.  For now, I'll do my best to attend every so often during the warm summer Sundays. The Pilsen Market was launched in July '08 and I am one happy little customer.  Every Sunday brings an assortment of arts and crafts, fresh produce, tasty coffees, and flowers to the Pilsen neighborhood.  I picked up some delicious honey made by a beekeeper that lives down the block.  Soy Organic market is there with delicious teas and local bakers present an assortment of cookies, cakes and breads.  Thinking about it is making me hungry!  You can find a great mix of local businesses and artisans, including a clothing designer and my pal Tiffany, who makes silkscreened tea towels and napkins.  

It runs every Sunday through October in the bank parking lot at 18th Street and Halsted.  Get there early for the best produce selection and don't forget your reusable bag! I really enjoy going to the farmers market every sunday with my boyfriend and dogs. Although we are in walking distance, there is tons of free street parking. Dogs are welcome and the vendors rock. We really like the amish cheeses, grass fed beef and next week I will probably try apple butter. I wish that it was a little bit bigger because I love being able to support local and small businesses. I think more people should come on out and enjoy the market! I'm proud of this lil market. Great veggies/fruits, nice folks/organizers, soy tamales, jewelry, and music. pls volunteer if you could, i did last year.  this is just the beginning, they will grow fo sho. As a committee member and vendor, I would like to invite everyone to our 2009 Opening Day on June 14. Visit our new website for more details.
pilsencommunitymarket.org This is a beautiful, wonderful thing to have so close to home. 

I bought some honey, cheese, raspberry jam, a variety pack of mushrooms, some green beans and green peppers. Happy to support local folks and super-glad to have this available so conveniently. 

Lots of folks will give out samples, too. Cheese, fudge, honey, jams, salsas. Yum. We love coming over for the excellent produce. The other vendors have great offerings but the veggie truck in the back is our main shopping destination. Yes, I know.  Tiny.  But solid.  There is now a booth selling produce from Michigan as well as one from Illinois.  Michigan is cheaper, but, call me biased, but the IL one has some better produce.  I love the IL tomatoes.  I am permanently turned off of grocery store tomatoes.  Once fall hits, I'm only doing organic tomatoes, as those are the closest ones to IL's awesome ones.  They also have green tomatoes, which I have been hard-pressed to find in Chicago.    The IL peaches are awesome too.  The blueberries from Michigan are a better deal.

Sometimes, people who sell vegan baked goods come.  I like the choco bars and the vegan teacakes.  I can't recall the names of the businesses, but there were only two who had any Vegan baked goods, so you'll know them when you see them. The mushroom people have good salsa (but it doesn't taste "Mexican").  The Indiana tent had some cheap cilantro, but their cherries were from Washington (WTF?).

Other places come to sell their wares, jewelry and whatnot, but I always come for the produce.  A man selling used books was there for awhile too, which was neat (75% off list price).  It might be a little pricier than Dominicks, Pete's, Cermak Produce, etc, but for certain foods, it's worth it. It's a tiny speck, like this...   (   .    )  More please.  Close to home though.  You can do it!  Grow big! I'm so happy there is now a farmers market that I can walk to!  Just a two minute walk and I am greeted with several produce stands as well as a few other food vendors.

I know this is a growing market - if you know vendors, get them to sign up and sell here!  It's a great location!  

I love that the produce is all fresh and in season items. I bought a giant onion today for $1.  I hope that some meat vendors will come out and sell some naturally raised products before summer ends. This is the best, most local farmer's market you'll find. If it's not in season, you likely won't find it here. Also, if you're not an early riser (8/9am at the latest) you'll miss out on everything that's good and be left picking through the leftover scraps.

There are a bunch of a meat vendors. The guy from Ashland, IL has every kind of pork product known...if he's there!

You can also count on getting almost any sort of Midwestern baked good you might want (if it involves a fruit, you'd be better off buying that baked good when that fruit is in season.)

They have a table at the main intersection where you can buy tokens with a credit card so that you don't need to hit an ATM before heading to this market. I know it's early in the growing season but really nothing offered was worth the trip. Garden plants looked like they came from Lowes...marked up and pathetic. One food truck but not appealing. I know that you cannot compare this to San Diego farmers markets but really...I couldn't race out of there fast enough. Repackaged produce from Sams...no fresh strawberries...no fresh lettuce greens or flowers in season. Parking problems and closed roads...crazy. How about jams flowers food trucks and holistic goodies like candles scented oils herbs and jewelry, baked goods...bread brownies cookies. Don't even bother. We were in town to see all the Lincoln sites, but it was Saturday morning, so we made a special trip to see the local farmers market.  Super nice vendors and great variety of local veggies, baked goods, flowers, cheeses, potted plants, meats, etc., etc. in a three block area downtown adjacent to the Old Capital.

Even if you're a visitor, there's much to be had.  We had some wonderful blueberry coffee, and purchased a homemade brownie, cookies and bread, popcorn, and cheese to take with us for lunch and snacking.  The made to order omlets smelled marvelous, but we'd already had breakfast at the hotel.  In spite of the rain it was a worthwhile stop.

Support your local farmers market - even in you're in town site seeing!! My family and I happened upon this farmers market a couple Saturdays ago when we were driving through Springfield.  It was GREAT!  3 blocks, lots of fresh produce (greens, tomatoes, cherries, mushrooms), delicious cheese, flowers, omelets, coffee, and the day we were there, there was pizza too (it was mobile pizza oven with super fresh pizza ingredients ... not sure if it's there all the time though).  

It was a bit crowded, but I was glad of that - there was plenty of good fresh produce to go around! Old Capitol Farmer's Market.. What to say? What to say? This was a great start to my Saturday morning! The farmers market was not that big but each vender brought something unique to the market. It was very conveniently located down from the Old State Capitol. This was nice as I was a tourist and could easily venture to the Old State Capitol as well as the New State Capitol after visiting the market. The reason why I gave Old Capitol Farmer's Market 4 out of 5 stars is because it is a smaller farmers market but it was worth the visit and I would go back. Terrific produce, baked goods, and cheese! I have been waiting for this Farmer's Market to open for months.  Today it finally opened and I have to say that it is truly a dismal failure.  By 11:00 they ran out of strawberries (the only fruit present).  Most of the fare was lettuces and raddishes.  The lettuce looked limp for the most part.  The radish looked good and so did the zucchini, yellow squash and green onions.  I bought a tomato and some zucchini.  The tomato is pretty good, haven't cut the zucchini yet.  I also bought some lemonade - save your money, it wasn't that great.  Honestly, this is the absolute worst farmer's market I've ever seen.  There was no corn on the cob roasting, no smoke fish and no fruit or vendors selling soy candles.  The lady who sold me the lemonade, explained that they were all "local" growers.  That's fine but they should really consider expanding and letting some other farmers come in and add some variety.  They can always put a special sign up on the stands that are in fact "locally" grown produce.  What they have now is a complete waste of time and not worth patronizing.  Just sayin... Green City Market is as good as advertised.  I've been going for the past 7 years and its fantastic to see how much it's grown.  

Simple things to know
The fruit and vegetable selection will change throughout the summer.
It's better to go early so that you have the best selection.
And order your pizza first before the line gets long. 

The market features amazing vendors that dish up other tasty favorites - grilled cheese, bakeries, veggies, flowers, meats, cheeses, dairy, basically anything that you'd prefer fresh and locally grown.

Fun date idea to meet here, buy all your supplies for a meal, and then go home and cook all that goodness up! We love the Green City Market! This is a great place to spend your Saturday morning on a nice day and pick out fresh produce, fresh herbs, and grab lunch!  I always come here to pick up local honey (from Chicago Honey co-op) and hot sauce (from Bushel & Peck's). Also the famous Raclette cheese sandwich is worth the trip every time. AND its pet friendly. 

I am sad to see the outdoor market come to an end this month but I am very much looking forward to the indoor market experience. I love the Green City Market!!! I myself am extremely bias of the produce that comes from Michigan. If you didn't know, Michigan has phenomenal soil that creates wonderful horticulture and produce. In the fall you have wonderful apples, in the summer you get delicious cherries and blueberries. Green City Market is where I go to get my true taste of Michigan produce.

It also features amazing vendors that dish up other tasty favorites - grilled cheese, bakeries, veggies, flowers, meats, cheeses, dairy, basically anything that you'd prefer fresh and locally grown. 

I typically leave with more than I planned for and end up cooking a delicious meal right from scratch.  One of my favorites is the raclette cheese stand - they melt raclette cheese onto French baguettes with hot lamps....so good!

Pro Tip - come with $20 in cash and try to form your own recipes with just the $20! Very, very nice farmer's market. Tons of fresh produce, and handmade food products like honey and syrup.
There are a few good vendors as well offering up some delicious pastries, pies, tamales, wood fired pizza etc. definitely worth a visit. If you're in the area it would be a great way to get something fresh for those Sunday dinners. Awesome farmers market with great produce! Check the seasonal calendar to know what type of vendors to expect when shopping for your fruits and veggies. You can always count on the delicious cheese, apple cider donuts, crepes, flowers, jams, and grilled cheese and raclette! 

It's fun to buy random items for your fridge, but I've found it best to check out what's in season in advance and come ready to shop to make a nice fresh meal for dinner. Most produce is fresh and driven in that morning from Michigan, so it can't be beat. What a great start to our Saturday morning while visiting Chicago. Now downside is parking is horrible but we are in a big city. Growing up and spending several summers in Europe I've come to not only admire but truly love farmers markets. There's just something about vendors on vendors selling items they've come to perfect. Now the produce selection wasn't huge like the markets in Europe but it was enough. And if you're used to farmers markets that sell homemade crafts this is not the market. But food! They sold tons of food both fresh and hot goods. This is a market to definitely check out if you're ever downtown Chicago. Come hungry and leave full. Another plus is you get to enjoy live music while sitting in the lawn or even just walking around. A spectacular Farmers Market located in Lincoln Park! A plethora of fresh food from independent sellers, a handful of hot food and pastry vendors, and a great way to spend a weekend morning! Crepes, carnitas & cookies stand, the most amazing looking croissant breakfast sandwich, made to order pizza, excellent mini burgers, smoothies, grilled cheese & more! Do not pass up the Jambon Baguette with ham, pickle, and Dijon. It's a spectacle to watch them make it. They have a huge Cheese wheel under a heater and they melt the cheese right off onto the bread! 

A few negatives are that there are not enough drink options, no tables to eat or sit, and 2hr parking was advertised for $10 with validation in the lot next door but it actually costs $16. 

Overall, very busy, lots of hussle and bustle, dog walkers abs baby strollers everywhere, a quaint Market with lots of tents! I've been to the West Loop location but it doesn't compare in size, variety, or hot food vendors. There's also a location at Park at Wrigley. Def experience it while the weather is nice! Love the market but I will never buy flowers there again. Bought these beautiful flowers yesterday at the tent at the southwestern corner of the market and they are all droopy and dead already...not happy , especially because prices at the market  are not the cheapest. This is a great Farmer's Market, especially that it is so close to the Zoo and great foods around the area! The apple cider donut in this market is phenomenal! The fruit, vegetables and flowers here are beautiful too! Love the vibe and location. Will frequent this market regularly! This market is fantastic! 

It's a must do in the summer. Grab a pastry or some other tasty treat and wonder through all the goodies. 

The flowers are wonderful and of course any of the produce.

My must-do at the market is getting a pastry from Bennison's. They're the BEST danishes in the city! 

But you can't go wrong with any of the food vendors. When it's warm/dry, bring a picnic blanket and enjoy lunch at the market! I could not have planned my trip to Chicago and hotel location better. When I awoke and opened the hotel room curtains, I was pleasantly surprised to see a large farmer's market! It's a beautiful location in the park between Clark and Lake Shore. 

Over 50 vendors and almost all had a sample of some kind (did I mention I love free samples?). Produce, flowers, cheeses, meats, prepared foods, and other specialties. I loved the melon stand that had over a dozen varieties with a self-serve sample set up with a melon baller at each one. Who knew there were so many melons?!

The jams and pickles were good too- sweet, spicy, or a nice combo (raspberry habanero was particularly good- sweet and tart up front with a slow, warm heat to finish). After living in Lincoln Park for 6 years, I finally ventured out here. I advise coming early - I got here at 8 (it opens at 7) and by the time we left at 9:30 it was far more crowded and a lot more hot.
Overall - it was great! Amazing selection of produce from lots of vendors. Many bakeries with pastries and breads, salsas and pasta sauces, fresh eggs and juices, you name it. Lots of samples. Vendors were very friendly and happy to answer questions and talk about their products. It's exactly what I was hoping for.
However... can I just say, the Abby's Crepe tent was THE biggest waste of money I have ever encountered. Like... I almost had to laugh. We stopped there, and for starters, you order on one side and pay on the other. But nobody tells you that. So I stood around like an idiot (and their employees did not smile at me, offer to help, or anything - they just stood there ignoring me) until several minutes went by and I said - um, can I order? And then someone said "you order on the other side." Uh, ok, thanks.
So where you order is where the menu/prices are. Holy shit - a "butter and sugar" crepe is $5. Ok if you cook, you know that it probably costs $.25 to make one crepe, so that in and of itself is a joke and a half. But my husband said, let's get our son a butter/sugar crepe, and he himself wanted the blueberries and cream crepe which I think was $12. $12! I was expecting MAGIC. 
What I got was... some girl who didn't seem very adept at crepe making, trying unsuccessfully to swirl the batter with her little wooden thing, and then basically piling the batter up in a pile and putting in a plate and sprinkling sugar on top. There's my $5 butter/sugar. My blueberries and cream? Similar mess of a crepe... with some fresh blueberries inside, and a dollop of whipped cream. I thought it was a blueberry compote or something - nope, just plain blueberries which roll all over because there's nothing holding them together in there. There was a different guy making the savory crepes, and he actually looked like he knew what he was doing and I greatly regretted not getting something he was making. But be advised, the costs for all these crepes were $12, $15 etc. which is just ridiculous. 
Honestly. Other than this, I thought the market was great. I just wish we had picked something else for our snack. I head to Green City Market every Saturday morning. I have two must-have items--fresh flowers and fresh tomatoes. This place gets very busy late morning, so try and get there early. I am fortunate to be able to walk because the police show-up at 8:00am on the dot and start to ticket cars that shouldn't be on the road. The other caution is pricing, which is all over the place and where one may buy non-organic produce at a higher price than organic if not careful. The front entrance booths are always the most crowded, but not necessarily the best bang for your buck!!! The crepes made on the spot are to die for but the line does get backed up quickly. It is my favorite thing to do on a Saturday morning! Green City Market had their huge BBQ today and it was sensational. Other than it being a tad toasty out today, it was a hit. The vendors and their food selection was A+. The balance of Food and Drink vendors was well thought out and drool worthy. Definitely worth the price of the tickets. I left so so soooo full and satisfied from all the pop ups. Of course Maple & Ash killed it, as did several of the other guys. Find a lot of new places that have been added to my MUST VISIT list, so stay tuned for those reviews 
Some parts of the park were muddy, but that's just nature and can't be helped. Looking forward to next year and the gluttony that will surely follow. This is a fun place to go on a wed or sat (days they are open). They have all sorts of vendors from the surrounding area. They have amazing butters, cheeses, bread, fruits, veggies and also foods to eat. Most of the tents let you sample the food. It can get a bit crowded, but if you go when they open you get a better selection. It's a bit pricy, but for me, it's a treat for myself :) I asked the people who worked at Abby's Crepes how long they would be open. They said 1:00 pm. I went off to go-fest looking forward to returning and getting some crepes for lunch. I walked from the far north end of the park and arrived back at the booth at 12:40. Guess what? They told me they were closed. That's certainly not what they said earlier. When I explained that someone there told me 1:00 pm and I'd walked a very long way back specifically to get there ahead of time, they just shrugged. So yeah, a lengthy walk back for absolutely nothing. Thanks for the awesome customer service, guys; I really appreciate it. I think this is where you'll find me Saturday mornings this summer. 

I finally checked out GCM and I loved it.  It was a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but there was so much to look at and a great variety of fresh fruits and vegetables...I can't wait to see what the rest of summer and fall holds. 

First stop...the smoothie tent. Fresh strawberry/blueberry smoothie is like sipping on sunshine. 

Then wander around to pick out your favorite goods. Don't forget your reusable shopping bag--makes shopping so much easier! Tomatoes (green, red, yellow), asparagus, lettuce, squash, squash blossoms, potatoes, strawberries, peas...a nice array.  There was also cheese, pasta, salsa, pickled veggies, meats and seafood to purchase as well. 

Hungry?  there's grilled cheese, crepes, artisan pizza, tamales for purchase at their respective tents.  

And there is also a kids section--Club Sprouts--where they offer kids activities and food tastings for the little ones.  With all the fresh offerings I cant wait to take my son here, maybe have a picnic and then head across the street to the zoo. This was opening day at Lincoln Park and my first time- I was underwhelmed. If you just want the experience of shopping at an outdoor market with (some) decent local produce then fine. Over half the market though is overpriced, ready made food kiosks or other premade or packaged food.

I was amazed at how little some of the produce vendors knew about their own product- I said to Green Acres for example I knew they were not organic but wanted to know about another certification they have- this man dismissed it and said "yeah, we're organic." They are not. The same person when asked whether they had ramps (common in spring) did not know what a ramp is! This happened at another stand and it suggests they have no real connection to the food they're selling. Isn't that the reason people shop from local markets? Best farmers market in Chicago- hands down!

Pick the best produce of each season, find fresh flowers, and munch on locally sourced food while you're at it. GCM will never fall to second place.

Get there as early as you can, as it does get busy. I came here on opening weekend with my friend and we tried this amazing melted raclette cheese on a toasted baguette.  They melt the cheese in front of you and scrape it from the wheel.  I was drooling just watching them do that.  They serve it with spring onions, baby gherkins and Dijon mustard. You need to order it with the ham. They forgot to put it in ours, but it was still good because the raclette  alpine-style cheese was just heavenly.  It was the best and I was very happy. It is a great place. I was heading home when I saw the place and they had a good selection of produce. It was all fresh and they were very nice I would recommend this place to anybody in the area Full disclosure...I am related to the Smiths, however I manage to make a trip over a couple of times during the harvest season to enjoy some homegrown tomatoes and deep red and juicy watermelon. They work hard and trust their customers. In season produce, just north of  I-70 at exit 21. Sometimes you'll find an attendant, but often it's just self-serve. There's a scale to weigh your produce, and a box to drop your cash. Currently, there's pumpkin and squash, with a few  tomatoes before the frost. If you're looking for a deal based on price, then you probably won't find it. But the quality is usually there. I love this place! I pass it twice a year while visiting family near Route 4 and always look forward to stopping. I've never seen the Smiths, but their stand is always stocked with fresh produce in the summer, and pumpkins and mums in the fall. They have a scale and everything is self-serve, which is nice that they trust their customers. I've gotten the best tomatoes of my life from this stand and wish I could visit more often! So I decided to wake up early and try something different in north St. Louis city.  It was 17 miles away but I figured the Crown Candy Kitchen neighborhood is up and coming and I wanted to see for myself the Farmer's Market that has emerged there.

The market runs every Saturday June 5th through October 16th, from 9am to 12pm.

The offerings are anemic compared to mega farmer's markets elsewhere but the movement is very grass roots.  Gotta hand it to these guys for setting this up.  In 5 years, I think this will be a much more robust market.  Interesting, is its also an avenue for their 13th street community garden that started 2 years ago.  You buy from them, and in essence you support literally the community around them.  This market is still in its infancy stage.

I heard they have cooking demonstrations.  I also saw   organic home made detergent.  There are local farmers supported here too.  The vegetables can be ordered by "box" with an assortment packaged and ready to go.  They include examples and recipes how to prepare the vegetables to offer enlightenment.

The Crown Square main street was a pedestrian walkway formerly closed off roads in the back.  It has just been repaved.  When it reopens after 20+ years of being closed off, my guess is the traffic will help rejuvenate this area of St. Louis city over time and the Farmer's Market will grow with it.  But anyhow, check out the North City Farmer's Market when you have a chance.  It's off the beaten track and a good excuse to head out there.

I stopped here first then went for Chicken & Waffles at Goody Goody diner on way home since it was so early in the morning.

FYI:  Crown Candy Kitchen doesn't open until 1030am on Saturday if you are looking for breakfast. I really wanted to like this Farmer's Market. Unfortunately, there were just a handful of vendors selling fresh fruit, and they all just a few options. 

One of the vendors told me that they had a CSA share from a nearby farm, and that was what they were selling. I know that the majority of food at the other Farmer's Markets isn't actually locally grown, but the reality is that when you go shopping you wan to be able to pick up everything...and not have to make another trip to the grocery store just to get carrots or mushrooms. Someone needs to load up with some food from produce row if they want to build a following. 

I was meeting a group for a tour of the area and then lunch at Crown Candy, and had planned to get there a few minutes early to hit the Farmer's Market. I'm glad I didn't make a special trip...I would have been very disappointed. I almost felt bad for the vendors for the thin crowds, and bought some dill just to be supportive. 

I will say that no one should fear their safety shopping at the market. The owner of a nearby coffee shop told me that the owner of Crown Candy said his customers seem afraid to cross the street (it is directly across the street from the market). The block used for the market is blocked off from traffic and has been completely redone.  Everything is brand new and all of the people are very friendly. A quaint little excursion. It has only a handful of vendors but with La Mancha Cafe and Crown Candy it makes for a nice Saturday morning excursion. While the selection is slim, the patrons and vendors at this farmers' market make it worth a visit.  Locals sell their home grown produce and craft items.  There are some unusual wares like painted gourds.  There was a also a couple playing guitars and singing which was a great addition. Im on a mission to bring out the more hidden places around Lake county and put them on the map for the whole world to see..

Today i went to the Farmer's Market in Zion Illinois(BOYHOOD HOME OF THE LATE ACTOR GARY COLEMAN THAT RECENTLY PASSED) that they have every Thursday between the hours of 2 to 7 pm.If you ask me the hours are perfect since i find it next to imposible to wake up extra early just to pick up some fruits vegetables.


My impression of this FM is that it's really plain and has only a handful of things to offer..I dont think anyone that had been to several different ones would find this one to be the best, but you might like the peacefulness of the atmosphere here. Not to mention the smalltown appeal of Zion.

They offer fruits vegetables a few  Arts and Crafts and people giving massages like they give over at the mall.I only came for green tomatoes since they're like next to impossible to find anywhere.This statement holds true even in California where i now live at in Los Angeles!They had only 2 stands that sold them and i choose the stand that Farmer Mike had.

Farmer Mike is a nice old blackman that lets you sample his produce before you buy if you'd like.All of his items are organic and he proudly states that when you meet him..I didnt ask if i could take a picture of him because i thought that would be rude but i told him that i would mention his stand on Yelp..

To end this review ill just give an overview of the surroundings.Its on the corner of Sheridan road and Shiloh.Its across the street from a Marathon gas station and from a Dollar general Store..

It was nice going there and i recommend this location if you're in the Zion Illinois area..Just please dont think this is the best FM out there .It's just a good location to pickup fresh fruits and vegetables and enjoy the day out and about .

Nothing more can be said other than that..Zion Illinois is kind of Hillbilly like, and i mean that with the most respect.If you want more excitement try going to one in Chicago..Thats where everyone goes when they're tired of the slow life around here! Not really a big fan of this farmer market at all. It's kind of cute very small. I guess it's enough for Zion. You can be done within less the. Not even 2mins going around. There's like literally 8 both that's how dinky it is. produce that they sell is very expensive.
I don't understand there's a lot of local farmers in town I would think they sell their produce for a bit cheaper. I understand it's organic and fresh. Maybe it's not like Minnesota or Seattle where there's a lot of locals you are competing with. Tiny Greens sells their wonderful organic produce through Wal-Mart, and at some area farmers markets, and probably more places I don't know about yet.  This is a wonderful company.  The main man, Bill, is extremely devoted to sustainability and environmental/ecological responsibility.

The company is all about bringing locally sourced, healthy products at affordable prices.  The farm market for Urbana, close to my home, has a booth.  I've tried sprouts, micro-greens, and sprouted wheat tortillas.  All were absolutely amazing, flavorful.  The kind of food you can pig out on and feel really good about afterwards.

I try to spend my hard-earned on products from this kind of company.  It's difficult because there are so few.  Tiny Greens is one of those truly progressive companies, and I'm happy they're around! Best Orchard to pick from!  If you are looking for a ton of things to do outside apple picking, this is not the place for you--and that is what I love about this place.  Free to get in and you are not bombarded with extras like other orchards so this place is def easier on the wallet than most other orchards.  

They put out a list of which apples will be available for picking so def check that out if you are looking for a particular type of apple. 

You can purchase a basket or bring yours from home at no charge other than the flat fee for the basket which is approximately $36.  You take a wagon to the area for picking and pick your apples and then hop back on to the next area.  You can always grab another wagon if you want to go back to the main area.  

There are some ponies to ride and a free playground for the kids.  There is food so you can have lunch and the best is the baked potato tent!  The store have everything, but most importantly, their apple cider donuts!  Their raspberry salsa is to die for!  It's cash/check only so be aware of that, but they do have an ATM on site.

This is def a must-go if you are looking for a good family orchard without all the extras! Best apple pie ever! Best apples in the orchard, so delicious! Awesome little shop with all kinds of goodies to buy. I bought some corn salsa that is to die for and a candle that rocks my world lol! 

Bad things, the petting zoo is a couple of goats. Very underwhelming. When we were apple picking the honey crisp area was picked over. It was kinda gross, a lot of damaged apples do it was hard to find good ones. 

Overall I loved it because I had a great time with my family. I live in California. It's been a long time since I've been to Edward's Apple Orchard, but every visit was great. I crave those cider doughnuts every fall. I really hope the orchard starts shipping them nationally. I've had cider doughnuts from other places, but none were as good as theirs. 

"Sadly we cannot ship donuts, cider, or apples, we don't like that once as they are out of our hands we don't know in what shape they'll arrive." - Edward's Apple Orchard FAQ page

To the business: Plenty of businesses successfully ship doughnuts with them arriving in good condition, and I bet you would make a pretty penny off of shipping yours. Would you reconsider your no-shipping policy?

End the Californian good doughnut drought. Had the best time at this apple orchard! we came on one of the last weekends left for the seasons for Apple picking and left very happy as this was my first time apple picking. I remember the bucket cost us like $40 so it's a little pricey but the apples were absolutely delicious and I would like to make this an annual thing with my kids. I will just try to come a few weekends before as the apples weren't as plentiful by the time we were there and there were a lot of bugs around which may or may not be a good thing. I hope they don't spray as many pesticides but I understand why they do as we wouldn't be able to eat perfect looking apples otherwise. We picked a bunch of Red and Granny Smith and even a few pink ladies, we really found a good selection of all. 

Also the apple cider donuts are no joke and seriously some of the best I ever had as well as the apple pie, wow, you really need to get that. Their little shop of all things apples is also adorable and I wish it wasn't as crowded so we would have spent more time there but seriously this is one of my go to favorite fall activities from now on! We will come back with the whole family next year since we had a blast! It's very family oriented. 
 The smells in the air is like desserts of all kinds. It's very nice to be here. They have some of the cutest things to do. And some things for grownups to do as well. 
 Some of the smells are tooo much like a farm. Whew. But it's always nice to see the children's eyes light up with the farm animals. 
They are very vivacious and not laying and malnourished. 
 They have a variety of things to see and do. I would have never know this place existed. 
It's very open. 
 I think it's pretty awesome. 
I will definitely return. 
I do recommend. 

Score as follows:
Quality: excellent 5
Cleanliness: above average 4
Location: average 3
Prices: average 3
Customer service: excellent 5

20 out of 25= 4stars We come from Wisconsin with our family - we would drive from Florida if we had to. It's worth it EVERY year! We grab a bag of donuts fresh out of the fryer and walk around eating those sweet, crunchy fluffs from heaven. We love browsing all of the other food goodies and home goods. This year they even have super soft shirts and hoodies. They provide an awesome, cleanly array of samples. They are well staffed and incredibly friendly and organized. We didn't have to wait in a single line this morning. After making our purchases, we tried to walk off at least one donut petting the animals and going through the maze. Can't wait to get home and dig in to some dips and salsas! This is my first time at Edwards Orchard that Donuts was super delicious. I would say the donuts are hot and fresh old. The line might look long and deceiving but it actually went pretty fast and the staff was super friendly. They even brought a basket to me when they saw that I was carrying so many things. They even have samples in their store on the second floor of the main Barn. This place is kind of far and kind of in the middle of nowhere. I've been to the different types of it or apple orchards this is a little bit smaller than a typical ones that I would see closer to the city of Chicago but it was still a must-see. My only complaint is that a lot of parts of it was muddy. I got my shoes dirty but I guess that's kind of expected when you go to places like this. There are donkey rides but there's only a 70 pound limit so I was kind of bummed out about that. There was a maze but is full of mud. I wish the petting zoo was a little bit larger there was only turkeys chickens and goats. I wish there was more animals next time maybe a little bit more than just goats. You must go here if you're in the area! Best and most fresh apples I've ever had in my life. Hot apple cider is to die for, and apple cider doughnuts are SO good! Can't wait to pick our own apples next year! We went to sample their wonderful items and all samples are put away at 3:30. Why so early , they are open another 2 1/2 hours. They close at 6:00 PM. 
For out of town visitors they need better signs leading to the location. We went on Sunday Oct 8, 2017, 80 degree weather by 10am! Very beautiful. My baby and hubby first time so wanted to give them the full experience. Planned trip so already knew what to expect and how much $ we were spending. It was more for the experience. 

Arrived around 9:15am, still ample parking. We parked across the street since we planned on going to the pumpkin patch and berry picking last. 

Took our pictures by the sign and got our donuts first ($10.09 for a dozen donuts). No lines, nice and smooth. Went to the playground for a bit then made our way to the orchard. Was going to ride ponies but my baby was too small for it, will have to wait till next year ($5 by the way)

Tractor ride was fun. Got a whole truck to ourselves. There was 6 of us and a baby hehe. The price was $43 for a basket ($3 deposit if u want to return the basket, we kept ours). I believe it's required for every 6 ppl. Got about 70 apples in it hehe. 

After picking apples, we went and grabbed a snack. Six apple pies with ice cream ($26 and some change). The girl took my order wrong and only wrote down 6 ice cream  so I had to re-order and paid the difference. How annoying but was not so busy so it was ok. Lines started forming after we got our snacks. It was around 11am. 

After that we went to the pumpkin patch and berry picking field. Pumpkins were $4 and $8 (only two prices) depending on the size. Berry carton was $3.50 each. 

We were done by noon. It was great. The line to get into the parking lot was literally a mile long when we left. So glad we went early (we are early birds anyways hehe ) This was my first time visiting Edwards Apple Orchard, or any apple orchard for that matter.  It was adorable.  Parking was easy, I could have spend all day browsing through the store and eating donuts.  My only complaint is that they didn't take credit cards for food, and they didn't have an magnets, which I like to collect whenever I go on vacation.  (I was visiting from LA). This is my favorite Fall memory and place to go for apple cider, cider donuts, cheese curds, and fresh apples. Love all of the signs and items for sale. It's not the same quaint family orchard it once was, but they have adapted well to their growth. I hope to visit before the season is over. I love the atmosphere of the orchard. There are plenty of things to do from picking your own apples, berries, or pumpkins to the animal barn to getting some great food. Fun for all ages. I would recommend going through the week rather than the weekend. We love going to Edwards Apple Orchard in Poplar Grove. Their barn is filled with all kinds of goodies, treasures, food mixes, samples of jellies, salsas, salad dressings, snacks, fresh apples, cheeses, you could spend hours in there! There's books, children's toys/clothing, pet supplies, fresh fudge, home decor! So much to see! They have a photo opportunities, children's play area, pet viewing area, goat feeding area, corn maze. Another barn with old time farm tractors and implements, apple & berry picking. Sometimes live music! Also a little cafe where you can get barbecue, hotdogs, apple pie, Mac n cheese, apple cider, etc. Literally something for all ages. Pony rides, wagon rides! Picnic area seating. Favorite part are the warm apple cider donuts, freshly made there! They are warm and crispy on the outside...I never wait to eat them. I wander around the barn eating them right out of the bag because they just aren't the same later! They are still tasty, but you don't get the crispness from the freshly fried cinnamon sugar coated donut! Get a dozen! You'll be glad you did, next day, zap them for 10 seconds. Perfect fall activity for all generations! Yes the cider donuts are fabulous. The barn, the music  everything else is a family favorite but the baskets for apple picking have gotten smaller and price is $48.00 a basket. Seems like if you have over a certain number in your group you are told you have to do minimum of two baskets! We were in line to pay for our baskets and i overheard the gentleman next in line say to the register guy"What, 48 dollars for a basket?" The guy taking the money replied."Tell you what, i will make you a special deal." Hey we werent offered a deal! Guess we should have also voiced shock. Next time will do that. That really bothered me. You pick raspberries for just $3.50 a pint. 
Not sure on the price for you pick apples as it was to early in the season but we did buy a bag of appled at their store for about $8

The dozen apple cider donuts were $10. They were freshly made and very good

They also sell apple pie slices with ice cream for about $4

No fee for the kids activities. This place is hugh with plenty of parking. 

They also sell food which looked pretty good. They have plenty of picnic tables to sit down and eat. 

Give it a try you will enjoy this place with the kids. FYI! Cash only and gets very crowded in the afternoon hours! Go early. 

This is a place I usually go yearly. It's hit or miss with the apples. 2015 being the best year to date. It's $40 to pick plus$3 for the actual bushel. You can save the bushel for years. I just have yet to actually do this. Saw some decorated for first time, must for next year.  

Call ahead for apple picking since it changes week to week. Oh yeah the donuts. Do it! If you are accustomed to the no-frills aspect to apple-picking (and unfortunately, there aren't many of those around anymore) then consider Edwards to be the Disneyland of apple picking. 

You get the charm of taking a tractor ride to the apples orchard to do your picking and back at the grounds is a plethora of activities. 
There's the play area for kids--pirate ship, play houses, play train, tractors to play on. 
There's the country store--where you can purchase fudge, jams, chips, snacks, dip mixes, cake mixes, any kind of "treat" that can be considered country cute.  There's also pre-picked apples and a small array of cheeses. 
There's the small café that offers fresh apple pie.  There's the bigger café where you can get a meal. The area is huge, well-laid out and totally country cute. Like I said--the Disneyland of apple picking. 

I did like the doughnuts (although my favorite apple cider doughnuts is still Harvest Time). The slice of pie was warm and perfect a la mode. I did buy some pre-picked apples and some snacks too.  Although I think the prices are a little higher than what we pay for apple picking--but you gotta pay for the upkeep.  Every person working here that I spoke to was super nice and helpful.

There was a nice crowd, but it's early in the season...I can see how this place can get packed easily.  So if you are one that needs all the distractions when you go apple picking, this place is for you. This scene is definitely not for me, but I do appreciate what they have available and see that it can be a fun trip.  

Cash is king! but they do have ATM's located in the stores in case you don't have enough green. Edwards is the classic Apple Orchard. A beautiful setting, rural with sweeping views of the countryside in all the fall colors. They have many different types of apples for purchase or pick your own, the Autumn Beauty is one of our favorites. The cider donuts are to die for, warm with just the right amount of cinnamon and sugar, a taste of fall in every bite. Eat lunch in the Apple Barn,  the pulled pork is delicious and finished off with homemade apple pie and ice cream is a treat.  Shopping in their store is a feast for the senses from jams to fudge to all kinds of sauces and all can be sampled too. They even have beautiful home goods too. Also a great play area for the kids and tractor rides....too much to post it all. A great family tradition, be sure to have your picture taken under the arbor with the year above. I believe that reviews should provide some sort of useful information to the reader, so I hope that after you finish reading this review, you'll think *wow, great tips man!*.

The first time I went to Edwards Apple Orchard was when I was about 8 years old. They were some great times, and for some perspective, that was about 15 years ago. And not too much has changed. This past weekend, October of 2016, was the last time I went and here is my advice.

#1. If you show up after noon, you will wait in a MILE LONG line to park. Ho-lyyy Crap. Luckily, we got there early this year at around 10:30 am and everything was fine. We parked quickly, got on the tractor quickly, everything was great. When we left at around 1:30, the line of cars trying to get in was over 1 mile long. I kid you not. Do not show up after noon, you will be waiting hours just to get in.

#2. It is 40$ to apple pick here, and then another 3$ for the apple basket (if you bring your own, you avoid the 3$ charge, but if your basket is smaller than the ones they give you for 3$, you still pay 40$ to apple pick and get less apples, you understand?). If you come here with your girlfriend or husband or best friend, it's still 40$. It's 40$ to apple pick regardless of how many people you have. If you have over 6 people, it's 80$. This isnt some small farm where you pay for what take. You pay 40$.

#3. This place has the best apple cider donuts. Of course, all apple cider donuts at apple picking places taste great. But the ones here just taste better. They just do.

#4. The lunch here is expensive. So maybe eat before you come here. They also dont like when people bring food from outside, so you gotta figure it out. Keep in mind what I said before about arriving late though...

#5. They have pick your own pumpkins here as well. Flat cost of 8$ per pumpkin. Most places don't do this anymore so have fun!

Either way, enjoy! It's a great place. Kind of pricey, so come with your family. And dont come late. This is an organic farmers market. There is only one farm represented, Harvest Moon from Wisconsin, and that is all you need. The owners, Jennifer & Bob Borchardt, are always on hand to describe what it is they have this week. They are incredibly nice people who have great tips for different ways to prepare their yummy produce. I have discovered new fruits & veggies every week. The heirloom tomotoes I picked up this week are indescribably delicious. The large red onions got chuckles because with no chemicals they grow such immense produce! Jennifer says it is their soil & I have seen the produce to believe it. I can't say enough about this place. I love it & don't miss it unless i am out of town. I have the Lincoln Square farmers market on Tuesdays in my neighborhood but that only has one organic guy & he has about 4 products. This one runs the gammut: from eggs & cheese to basil and melons. I can't say enough good things about this one! This time last year I worked in Clayton and on Thursdays and working Saturday's the Clayton Farmers Market ("CFM") was taking place within earshot. That said, more often than not, I found myself going booth to booth and leaving with some amazing items.

This weekend I got together with some girlfriends to go check it out and found out that CFM would not be happening this year. This is an extremely popular farmers market and the location in Clayton has changed several times over the past few years. Currently, the city is looking for a spot that will accommodate all of the traffic and vendors while being accommodating and respectful to the residents and the local business community. 

My experience has been a bountiful amount of fresh fruits, vegetables and everything healthy and delicious sold by the basketful or individually. There are also lots of other vendors that sell cool things like soaps and those random things that you purchase because of the people that are there selling them and the sense of community that is fostered at farmers markets like this.

Whether you live or work in this community or any community, I definitely suggest that everyone try local farmers markets (especially the organic growers). One Farmer cannot attend all local farmers markets - so try different places out and see what is being offered. Support our local farmers!! I have loved CFM in the past and I know they will be back bigger and better! This market features several vendors with fruits and veggies, cheeses, spices, jellies, jams, breads and pastries, fresh flowers and plants, jewelry and other accessories, clothing, cosmetics, storage products, and even freshly made popcorn.  

We bought the most delicious smelling and tasting tomatoes at this market.  We will be back next week!  However, there weren't any organic produce.  

The market takes place every Wednesday from 7am-1pm and it is located next to the Oak Lawn Public Library and it runs through mid October. Great farmers and local vendors from the area. Get there early to get the best selection. Support your local farmers and vendors who attend this market to promote their businesses. TIP: If you can, get the Honey Crisp apples before they are sold out in the Fall! This is a great little place! I usually try to come as much as I can to support the local businesses. They have a good selection, fair prices and helpful staff. 

I know they have tons of pumpkins right now too for Halloween approaching :) I have found a new love: Webster Groves Farmer's Market!!!! I felt like a kid in a candy store there. It just opened today in the Old Orchard area. Why do I love it so? Well, besides the fact that it's in my hometown (score), it has amazingly diverse sellers that make it high caliber. It goes way beyond produce! Here are just a sampling of things being sold other than produce:
- Soap
- Wine
- Eggs
- Plants & Herbs
- WATER PLANTS!!! I bought some for my pond
- Fish - tilapia and koi - live - you have to pick up at their farm
- Soap 
- Sugar scrubs
- Lip Balm
- Sauces
- Maple syrup (and they sell syrup suckers!)
- Produce baskets
- Cheese
- Nuts
- Homemade pasta

I'm sure I'm forgetting things considering that a couple of the booths had already sold out when I was there towards the end of the market. It was very busy. I will DEFINITELY be back!!!! Cute little farmers market.  I picked up a few items, ones I could eat immediately and those that would last a few days since we had a few days left in St. Louis, plus the drive back to Chicago.  I love farmers markets...I wish I could have bought some of the cheeses, they looked yummy - but they didn't fall in either category - not like I could shove a brick of cheese in my mouth - well I COULD, but that would have put a real damper on the rest of my trip.

Gotta look out for more local farmers markets.  So cute and such a great way to support the local businesses. I have to strongly disagree with Sarah A.  I'm not sure if I happened to pick a Thursday when no vendors decided to show up or what, but it was a pretty sorry excuse for a farmers market.  I got there about 4:30 and there was exactly one stand selling produce.  And it was small, skinny, sorry looking veggies that cost exactly the same price as they do at Schnucks.  I was so disappointed.  In addition to that booth, the other handful of booths included peaches, homemade soap, meat, breads, empanadas, fresh pasta, and t-shirts.

I'm very willing to upgrade my review if I happen to go back and it's improved, but as of now I have to stick to one star. Like Marjie who wrote "...I'm not sure if I happened to pick a Thursday..." I also went on a Thursday. Regardless, my main complaint was the attitude of the cashier. Maybe it's my long hair (I'm a guy), or my deodorant wasn't strong enough (or too strong), or maybe she was in a hurry to get to lunch (it was noon-ish). Who knows, right? Fortunately I don't live in the area, I just happened to be passing by. I live in U. City where the folks at that Farmers' Market have never failed me with their civility nor their produce nor their prices. In fact, on at least one occasion, they gave me some of their offering free because it looked kinda lame. Now called Market at the Park and moved to 143rd Street Metra Station. Farmers Market here closed.  New Market opened Thursday evenings only. SERIOUSLY!!! This is supposed to be a better location?!?!? NOT!! About 30 booths. Only 2 selling produce. 3 selling meats. The rest were salad, salsa, other miscellaneous items. Access? Terrible. The only parking is in a little grassy area. And you access that area by driving over a curb & sidewalk. One plus on the parking is they striped the grass. Extremely disappointed doesn't even come close to how I feel. They said this was a better location. Nope. Not really. Much better market in the past. I'll be driving some place else for my produce. This was a wonderful getaway for our family!  The accommodations were perfect, the hosts were very kind, and the food was amazing!

Our daughter had a blast feeding the animals, collecting eggs, milking a goat, and playing with all the other kids there.  My husband and I had a great time relaxing, enjoying the beautiful setting, and mingling with the other guests and our hosts.

It's a vacation like none other and a great way to build unique and fun family memories. Our vacation at Kinnikinnick farm was hands down our favorite family vacation to date. We stayed there Thursday through Sunday with our 2 daughters aged 2.5 and 3.5 and everyone thoroughly enjoyed themselves.  The girls to great pride in feeding the animals, collecting the eggs, and milking the cows   While we adults enjoyed being able to let our kids roam with minimal supervision; while we sat in the tent reading a book.  The girls also enjoyed walking around the field collecting flowers.

Susan and David the owners are very welcoming and do their best to insure a wonderful stay.  I highly recommend taking advantage of the meals they propose.  On the day you arrive you can select to have dinner made and we had a DELICIOUS roasted chicken with farm fresh green salad and watermelon and cookies for desert.  While Saturday night is Make your own Pizza night made with fresh dough and cooked in their brick oven.

Everyone left Kinnikinnick farms rested and relaxed, though very sad to leave.  Looking forward to our future visits. We've been to Kinnikinnick 3 times in the last 5 years and always enjoyed it.  The kids from the different tents all play with each other along with doing farm chores.  I would recommend going weekdays to really experience the rhythm of the farm.  Get the dinners that Miss Susan prepares - best food you will ever get to eat!  Miss Susan, Farmer Dave, and everyone who works there are always happy to answer questions. If you're wondering whether you should go - it's a definite yes! Ever since this market opened a few years ago, my parents and I have been active supporters and shoppers. We try to come every Sunday, and we cherish the relationships we have built with the vendors in the Edgewood parking lot. 

Even though this farmers market is smaller than the one at the capital, it contains everything I would need for produce. They have everything from produce, eggs, flowers, bread from Madison sourdough, and honey. 

I also have a fondness for the connivence of this location. I like the fact my family and I can walk here every morning after we have breakfast. Fairly small farmers market but most neighborhood farmers markets are like this. It's nice to get your staple veggies. Also a honey stand and meat and egg stand. Madison Sourdough also comes to this one so you can get a pastry while you browse. There is also usually a food truck and a Mexican restaurant set up, El Sabor de Pueblo I believe. They have tacos, tamales, and quesadillas. 

We like to come here Sunday mornings on our way to the zoo. It's in the parking lot of Edgewood high school. Excellent neighborhood farmers market. If you are looking for something like the one on the square, don't bother. That doesn't mean it's less desirable, just very different. Nestled in the Edgewood HS parking lot on Monroe Street, there is easy parking at the other end of the lot. This is a smaller version of what I typically think of when it comes to farmer's markets. Big focus on veggies. Most stands are selling veggies but there was also honey, cheese, meats, eggs and some pastries. Oh yeah, and some of the BEST tortillas I've had in this area. The tortilla guy was a one man show who will proudly tell you they are all handmade with organic, non-GMO corn. The smell through the packaging was divine. I picked up a pack and wish I had gotten two. There was a food truck at the end as well as live music. If you didn't stop to chat with the very willing to chat sellers, you'd probably be able to breeze through it in about five minutes. But, go, stop, smell, chat, linger. Odds are you'll find something delicious. A relative newcomer to the Madison scene, this market is still fairly small and the selection is limited.  I was happy to see Creme de la Coulee there-an artisan cheesemaker that puts out some great cheese.  I don't know if I would drive across town to visit but if you are in the neighborhood, I would recommend checking it out. First Sunday for the Market (June 7, 2015) and the neighbors turned out in droves. Madison Sourdough was there (mostly sold everything they brought by 10 am) and Underground Butcher too. About 8 farmers brought in beautiful asparagus and radishes and greens. There were farms that sold native plants also.
I love that this market is open in my 'hood. Sundays 9 am to 1 pm.
We'll be back to update this review as this new market gets going with more vendors and gets ever more popular. We got to the Portage Park Farmers Market just as they were about to close on a dreary day. There were perhaps 18 booths still going, some of which has just started to close for the day.

There were merchants selling produce, meat, dairy, pastries, and more. There was also a few selling ready to eat foods - tacos, coffee, and I think a few more. Since the day wasn't so nice and it was late, there were only a few patrons.

Every one of the merchants we talked to was nice. We ended up buying some fresh produce from farms. The one thing I wish we'd gotten fresh eggs. At the time, comparing $6 a dozen to what we pay at Aldi seemed to be ridiculous. Now, the thought of having fresh eggs makes we wish I had not thought about money. Next time... I enjoy Farmers Markets that accentuate the local communities culture and businesses. 

The Portage Park Farmers Market is smaller than your Logan Square and Fulton Market varieties. What it lacks in size it makes up for it with the quality. Find local vendors, veterinary shops, dental offices, and other local businesses. You will get a few of the larger farmers market vendors, but I appreciate the character of this market.

Portage Park for the win. This is one of my favorite markets in the city.  It is so nice to stroll through a beautiful park on a Sunday and munch on delicious, local products and take home local produce.  And listen to music!  And adopt a dog if that's on your wish list!  The presence of Fannie Schmoe's Bakery is enough to get me out of bed and down to the park.  

To the reviews complaining that there is no produce-notice the dates on those reviews.  Early June.  The growing season is barely started and they are acting like they expected to be bringing home a full summer's harvest!  These are small, local farms and they grow seasonally.  Many don't have the big greenhouses or the ability to travel from further south to get to market.  Sheesh!  

Eat locally.  Eat seasonally.  And have fun doing it! Three stars for the Portage Park Farmers Market. Why only three? 

This is a nice little market to stroll around on Sunday mornings. There's usually live music, vendors with fresh baked goods, tamales, crepes, local honey, jam, cheese, knife sharpening. All that's missing is, well, farmers. 

While there is *some* fresh produce available, the selection is very limited. Even in late July the majority of the sellers weren't there with produce, but with prepared goods. That's all fine and well, but what I'm looking for in a farmer's market is a good selection of fresh fruit and vegetables. There's definitely a place for the prepared items and freshly cooked stuff (you will never hear me complain about a fresh, warm, crepe) at a farmer's market, but I think the majority of the market should be about produce. 

Even though Portage Park is only a five minute walk from my house (yay!) I make the trek to the Oak Park farmers market throughout the summer for fresh, local or nearby fruits and veggies. Early in the season there's not as much there--that's the growing season for ya--but that market is still much more produce-centered than Portage Park is. I still stop by the Portage Park market on the days it's running (keep one of their magnets on their fridge to check the dates, since it doesn't happen every week), but I've learned not to expect too much in the way of fruit and veggies. This market is very good.  And there's a lot of potential for this market to hit 5 stars.

There's what I consider an average selection of vendors, although the number of options is improving.

First thing.  THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! to the vendor (Faith's Farm?) that sold us the hamburger brats this past weekend!  You now have a new, loyal customer.  So very delicious.

Additional shout-outs to Regulus Coffee and Fannie Schmoe's Bakery!  Your products are always on my list.   

The honey vendor is outstanding as well!  We buy various products from this guy, which are always amazing.  http://www.patzmapleandhoney.com/

I also appreciate that they have regular dog adoption events.  

Finally, this market usually has very talented musicians.  My favorite regular is Kent Rose (http://www.kentrose.com).  A voice like butter. As another reviewer mentioned, this is more a MARKET versus a farmers market. There was only one tent set up with actual produce and while the prices were pretty cheap, I felt like the produce wasn't very fresh. A lot of it looked really dried out and not the best quality, especially compared to other markets in the city, which was disappointing. Hopefully it was just a bad week for them, I will check them out again next time to see if the quality looks better. 

Otherwise, the stands with local cheese, coffee, baked goods, etc. all looked really good. In a neighborhood where you do not always see a lot of the locals out socializing together, it was nice seeing so many people come out for this market. 

I think this location has a lot of potential. It is within walking distance for me, so I would really like to see this little market grow. There is obviously community interest in it, we just need the people in the area to continue supporting it so that more produce vendors will buy in! This is a great farmers market! Lots of local support, local businesses, and best of all, IT IS LOCAL! I have been to several other farmers markets, and this is a great one. Very friendly and knowledgeable vendors with a great selection. There is always live music and it is the perfect setting to lay a blanket down with your family or dog, eat some delicious crepes and drink coffee. Highly recommended. Portage Park Farmers Market you get another star!

Ten mini pumpkins and gourds for $2.00...be still my Autumn decorating heart.

Huge bag of the freshest spinach I ever bought for $2.00...recipes scrolled through the brain as I paid!

Sign the petition for Portage Park to get an enclosed Doggie-Park, please!

Still small. Still plenty of parking. Still not crowded.
Still on every other Sunday, but the season is coming to an end...sniff-sniff, pass me a kleenex please. I live close to the park, so proximity is a factor in my review. I love Portage Park, and the farmers market makes for a nice walk on summer Sundays. It's a bit small and is lacking somewhat in variety of fresh produce, but the produce that is there is always quality. The prepared foods are always excellent. The live music is a nice touch, too. They also frequently have let adoptions going on. I would love to see more local farms, and I hope the market continues to grow. This market is in a beautiful setting and the vendors a great mix of food and goods and the list of both has and continues to grow. Have heard some excellent music here too. Bring your dog with you and take a break in the nearby dog park.  Come and spend the day and enjoy! This is a market - but NOT a farmers market.  I waited 2 weeks for this and it only had 1 farm participating.......and not much to offer, and not the best prices.....

There were booths with nut, coffee, t-shirt, cheese, meat, bread, hot dogs, olives etc.....everything seemed overpriced and overhyped.  Not much produce at all.  Now I have to scope out where a real farmers market in the area might be. What a fine little market.  I think they are doing a splendid job for being fairly new and are a terrific addition to the community.  @Tbird Any regular market goer knows that fresh produce can be sparse at the start of the season due to weather conditions. You can't fault the market for something they have no control over. Now, if only more local folks would get involved so that the market can continue to grow and flourish. It would be a win/win! Something I've been coming to for years. Very interesting. Old school open market open year round. How many places can you buy raccoon or a whole hogs head. Lots of places to have a bite to eat or  get some vegetables. Must see. Cool place. We came around lunch time on a Friday, and it wasn't very busy. A handful of the booths were empty. This was a cool place to walk around though, and they had a lot of offerings, meat, produce, and specialty items.

We picked up some lunch at Norton's, and I got a coffee and cronut from the bakery caddy-corner to that. There should be a sitting area near that so people can hang out and eat. We had to stand at a small, wobbly table. Plenty of places for a quick bite or a drink. This is a nice year-round farmers' market. I wish something similar existed where I live. Came on a Friday at 9am. Vendors were still setting up, but lots of choices still! We would have purchased more if we weren't leaving STL by car that day. We loved the handmade soap area and the Soulard (Sue-lard) Spice Company--we purchased fresh/customized coffee blends and their top selling Soulard Spice Rub! 

They also sell bloodys, cajun food, and there's a bakery too! I'd recommend a visit if you've got spare time. Best the farmers market in STL with a wide variety selection of produce and meat.  Can't beat the prices for the amount of food obtained and from local farmers. This is definitely worth a visit and there are a lot of vendors, things to see and things to buy. Produce options are plentiful and affordable. There is also cooked food for snacks, and a lot of random trinkets such as soaps. 

Insider tip: get a bloody mary or a margarita first and then journey around. 

If you're not from the area, get bread from the area and get the gooey butter cake - man it is diabetes waiting to happen and oh so delicious. The Soulard farmers market will always hold a very special place in my heart.  For 5 years this is where I did the majority of my grocery shopping on Saturday mornings.  I would wake up and head to the market.  The market is open year round and you can always find the best produce, and so much other fun stuff here.  

I would generally get my veggies and my fruits here.  They have a lot of places that take just cash, but some take credit cards and event some take EBT.  Most things only coast about a dollar or two for sometimes over a pound of a product.  I used to get a half pound of sprouts each week and never pay more than a dollar.  When things are in season like corn, strawberries,  and other fruits and veggies you can normally find them cheaper here than anywhere else.  

You can also get meats, eggs, clothing, baked goods, cider, and many other things.  They even have a spot that sells bloody marrys in the morning.  

Soulard Farmers Market is the best and more people need to check them out!! We love this place! 
We are not from St. Louis but come every time we need bacon!! Harr Family Farms has the best bacon hands down I have EVER had! We are from Texas and can't find anything close to it. 

The fruits and vegetables look great!! There is an amazing bread place but we didn't see them this time. I'll have to update if I see it next time. 

There is a space that serves egg rolls, spring rolls, crab ragoons, and some other items and oh my goodness it is yummy!!!!!

We will return. Great way to spend a Saturday morning.  
Indoor and outdoor vendors.  TONS of produce.  Breads, meats, cheese, and more.  Need a live chicken?  They've got that too.

Food vendors such as tamales, beignets, popcorn, pretzels, gumbo.....just to name a few.

On this trip we enjoyed smoothies, mini donuts, and pretzels.

Many of the produce vendors had really great deals on their beautiful produce.  Much cheaper than the grocery stores with much more variety. This feels more swap meet than farmers market and it works!  Great neighborhood and every veg you can find. Prices are great. In addition to fresh, there is prepared food, spices, jewelry, and so on. Unlike an open air market, this is not dog friendly. I am new to St. Louis and consider this a great find! Awesome variety of everything. Fresh fruits and veggies are so good. I live in San Antonio but when I come to visit I make sure to visit the farmers market. I bought some peaches yesterday and they were delicious. 

I wish we had something like this at home. Prices are very reasonable. Stopped by Soulard Market today to visit the spice shop and of course a Bloody Mary or two while listening to live music.  If you haven't been to the market you should go.  Cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap everything... fruits and vegetables to spices to $4 Bloody Marys.  

Honestly the spice shop can save you BIG money.  Example; Dierbergs charges about $6 for 1.5 ounces of Cayenne Pepper.  Spice shop is $4 for 8 ounces!  All of their spices are super cheap.

Don't forget to like my pics! Do not come here on Wednesday, 90%of vendors not here.  Maybe they should mention that on the website .  The building is unique and the few vendors that are open are very friendly This is the prototypical urban farmers market what gives up the awesome. 

There is a fair amount of parking right close by, but be warned on saturdays-which is the main market day-they will be quite busy. Odds are that you'll find a spot somewhere but there will be lots of distracted drivers mishandling vehicles of all kinds all over the place. Take care and don't assume that the car/van/truck/mass of rust and bailing wire backing up in front of you sees and will stop before it runs over a curb/wall/you. 

This is one of the oldest markets in the country being more or less in continual operation since 1779 or so. While it's not what it used to be-some of the local specialty butchers  in particular have faded away-it's still one of the best places to shop for cuisine or foodstuffs of any kind in the area. In addition to numerous food stalls that have tasty tasty meals/snacks/bloody mary's there are a lot of local produce/meat/cheese/pasts/baked goods/smoked meats/whatever can fit into your mouth stalls. This is a large space with five separate inside sections, and a separate semi outdoor area.  If you are with children keep an eye on them as they can disappear into the crowd in a heartbeat. Once separated it's difficult to find one another again, but if it's a husband or mother that you are trying to relocate sooner or later they seem to turn up at the bloody mary booth.  While there are some stalls what sell gifts, trinkets or clothing 90% of everything in here will be selling grocery type stuff for home or prepared meals/snacks of some kind.

Due to the sheer size of the place it can take several hours to wend your way through and retrieve your car. I recommend planning on eating on site-because it's awesome and you'll be here a few hours anyway at least on Saturdays. Weekdays tend to be less crowded as not everything is open. Some places are cash only, some take cards and cash, and most spots are EBT friendly. Pricing is on the lower side of things-especially considering the very high quality and craft of the items sold here.

 I'd recommend leaving your four legged friends at home as most pets do not do well with all the strange smells, noises and masses of people. There is a small playground outside for children, unfortunately there tend to be some not so savory adult street type folks around the perimeter. Children won't pick up on this so much-all they will see is the playground -but as an adult take care out there. 

Overall this is one of the best-if not the best-markets of it's type in the country, and is a perfect spot for anyone that likes food. Perfect for holiday meal shopping, and food type gifts-jams, gourmet items, soaps and suchlike. Really interesting farmer's market around the around. Very fresh vegetables, fruits, wild animal meats for a relative inexpensive price. Must try the Jambalaya rice at the store near the entrance and stop by for their famous ooey gooey cake! It's about a 30 walk in a sketchy part of town from city center but definitely a place to visit. Go on a miserable weather day in the afternoon and GET YO DEAL ON. Especially if you like freezing fresh produce and/or canning. Super nice vendors. Get the special Bloody Mary at the outdoor patio area, if you like deliciousness. It has taken me forever to write this review, b/c I didn't know where to start. With a personal love for farmer markets from Boston, San Franciso, New York to Dayton, Cleveland, and Detroit. I have very high expectations, but this place stacks up to the rest. 

Things to Note:
1) Relative large farmer's market, but the best day to go is on Saturday from 7am-11am. 
2) Some stalls are closed in the winter.
3) Not all the produce is local from MO/IL, etc. - so I would ask or look. This is just a personal preference.
4) Spices, Meat, Bakery Items and other goodies sold inside
5) ATM on stand-by but do yourself some favor and bring cash & your own bags.
6) Grab a bloody-mary before you start
7) Find the Vietnamese Egg-Roll Stand outside. I always do this. 
8) Find the Asian lady with homemade mini-donuts!
9) Grab some local balsamic vinegar and foccacia bread

Very inexpensive, non-pretentious with all types of goodies. There are always some serious dollar store items, so pass on that unless you are in need of useless gadgets. My happy place!  Where else can you go and drink a Rajun Cajun bloody Mary and shop for fresh produce at your leisure. The spice shop remains a favorite of mine and I always look forward to cramming in there and waiting my turn to try new and old spices. I also tried the popcorn this time and it was also good. There are so many great things about Soulard including its history that you just have to come and see for yourself. The kiddos love it too. If it's cold outside just bundle them up and put them in their stroller or wagon and have a great time. I can't wait to get my fresh duck for thanksgiving! I have to say if you know your way around vegetables and fruits, this is a great place to be.  I love coming here to buy from local farmers and support them and in return I get some real wholesome food.  

I believe they have a little something here for everyone and they have a nice variety of fresh dairy, breads and meats.  Some foods that are hard to find, you just may find it here, from your local farmer.

It don't stop there, excellent street food, it is very hard not to buy a sandwich or pastry while strolling through here.

Soulard does have a metered lot that you can park at, or along the streets there are meters as well.  This is a farmers market so don't look for nothing fancy, the farmers I encountered were all nice and customer friendly and tool the time to answer any question I may have had about their products.  Even which peppers might be the sweetest and the best way to cook them or utilize them, I like that.

You will even find pies and cakes here, herbs and seasoning and flowers...unique drinks and of course a great hot dog stand with beef hot dogs or pork hot dogs and more.

Bring your own bags, I saw people with their own miniature grocery carts and backpack to haul their food and purchases in, unless you got a lot of people in your crew or want to make a lot of trips back to your car, be prepared with bags and carts for the load.

Soulard is a large farmers market and it looks as though there are more than 50 vendors in there alone and I probably wouldn't be to far off to say well over 75 with street food and cooked foods and butchers and florist too.

Bring lots of cash, even though most take credit cards and EBT, sometimes the machines are not working, just have the cash for backup and you know that Samsung Pay works at most of these old card terminals too, so if you are techy like me and want to pay with your phone or watch do it. Wonderful way to get great fresh produce at very affordable prices! Loved the huddle and bustle! Not thrilled that it isn't open on Sundays. Very easy to find parking and vendors are very helpful. Very diverse produce options, loved the live band! Honestly, we just stumbled on this place because it's right by Bogart's, and I needed some ribs. And while ribs are more important than everything else, the everything else that you can find here at the Farmers Market makes me reconsider [but not retract] that statement.

Before we get into all that, you should know that there's a definite New Orleans vibe happening here (and all over St. Louis); maybe it migrated up the Mississippi...all I know is that you can get a legit bloody mary from Julia's for only $4 (and beignets if you'd like). It's got pickled asparagus and a spicy bean, and sipping on that thing as you peruse the rest of the market is the move.

What else can you peruse? 

Pimped out pickles. Pecan pie in a jar. Any kind of meat you'd ever want, including pig ears. Fruit Loops kettlecorn. NFL jerseys, mugs, t-shirts, hats, etc. Goose Poop. Seafood. Every kind of fresh produce you can think of. Pork rinds. Mini-doughnuts. Spices. Flowers. Roasted nuts. SO MUCH SOAP. Pastries, oils, salsas...I can't even remember it all.

And that's just the tip of the iceberg. Get over here already. Find beautiful home-grown food: vegetables, apples, meats, bread, strawberries, raspberries, etc. Some crafters of note and flowers. A few good vendors as far as the fresh produce goes.  However, we would consider this more to be a festival than a farmers' market, or a merger of both.  

On the plus side:  local farmers, local businesses, live band, kids' activities, on the premises of The Promenade Bolingbrook mall - so plenty of parking plus if you need to shop at the mall you can do both.  Lots of people, which is great!

On the not negative side:  in our eyes, a farmers' market should promote local, family-owned, small businesses, not huge corporate chains.  We were disappointed to see there were a lot of chain restaurants in their own booths, promoting/serving their food.  Yes, there should be hot food served at the farmers' market, but it should come from local restaurants.  

We probably won't come back.  We decided to stop in and check it out mostly because we saw the signs coming out of IKEA.  Overall, not a bad experience, but not fabulous either. Bands and music setup is great for a Thursday night. Bring some chairs and browse all of the amazing food and crafts. Great hot sauce stand and an excellent jelly maker at least this week. I wish it was bigger though. Just got back from it, opening day this year. There were 2 stalls selling veggies, one selling meat and eggs, one selling flower baskets, a few selling home made goods, one selling decent looking bread and Costco and a few other larger companies. The honey vendor had local honey, but also honey from Florida and Pennsylvania.  There was one guy selling French artisan bread. We got one at $5. Cherry tomatoes  were $3.50 and $4 respectively at the two vendors.

There were around 20ish stalls in all, and I thought a lot of it seemed over priced for what it was. And the choice was small. Here is a review you won't read everyday.  The Potosi Livestock Market is a cattle auction that is held every Saturday at 1:00PM.  It is a medium size facility but has a rather small sales each week. (100 to 300 head)  It's convenient because it is held on Saturdays so the hobby farmers like myself can attend without having to take off work.

I will give you a little explanation if you haven't been to a cattle sale before.  The place has seating like a small theater that surrounds the ring.  The cattle enter from the right side and they hold them in the pin for a 30 seconds to a minute and they exit the left side.  As any auction, you raise your hand, nod your head, raise a finger, whatever you need to do to confirm the next bid.  After the cattle sales they will normally sell a few pigs and goats

They also have special Horse sales and Small Animal sales where you can buy chickens, ducks, geese, goats, sheep and about any other thing you can imagine that is small.  These special sales typically start at 4 or 5pm on that Saturday. I love the flowers, but the customer service could be better.  They offer a set of flowers that are $5 each or three for $12.  The lilies are $6 ea or three for $15.   I am at their market stand every week.  I asked if I could do two of the $5 group and one lily and give them the extra dollar to make it $13.  He said absolutely not.  I would have to pay $16.   Really?   I wasn't asking him to give me the lily for $5, I would pay the extra dollar but get the benefit of the deal when you buy three.  I think he wasn't quite listening at first and when he understood he didn't want to look like he was giving in.  Rubbed the wrong way at the farmer's market today. What great offerings today. Everything was seasonal and smelled perfect.

I got sweet potatoes, tomatoes, red potatoes, cantaloupe and a red pepper.

Also available: cucumbers, zucchini, cherries, peaches, okra, radishes, cauliflower, plums, celery, carrots, lemons, limes, huge tomatoes and potatoes.

Much more there. It's a great place to shop for fresh fruit and vegetables.

Find them at: https://www.facebook.com/Midtown-Farmers-Market-655879797806495/ It is officially farmers market season and what an amazing find this farmers market truly is! The Delmar Loop isn't just for cool trendy restaurants, places to grab a drink, entertainment and people watching; now there is a mainstay that will help with our nutrition, health and that emboldens the local community. Discreetly tucked away in The Market on The Loop in the middle of the Delmar Loop (between Enigma Tattoo & Body Piercing and Market House Pub) is The Midtown Farmers Market. Please be mindful that in this same space, on Saturday you will also find what appears to be farmers market participants but they are not (Long Acres Farm). The actual farmers here are producers/growers; meaning the farmers and artisans grow or make the products they sell. These MO and IL farmers drive one - three hours to bring their goods to market.

Since these farmers are nearby, some bonuses are less fossil fuel is used (that's great for the environment) and the farmers pick their produce at the very peak of its flavor (not weeks before like retail grocers). I will say at least one of the organic growers was insanely high.  I have been to other places (farmers markets and national organic chains) and never spent $5.50 for two summer squash. 

My most recent trip found me with organically grown summer squash, freshly popped kettle corn, empanadas made locally, the freshest cheese and a delightful sense of comradery with fellow shoppers and an appreciation for the local farmers. Another cool stand out for this farmers market is that unlike most Saturday markets that close at noon, this market is open until 12:30! Come check this place out on a Saturday before going to an independent movie at the Tivoli or noshing on lunch at a locally owned restaurant; it will do your budget, your health and your conscious good - Support Local Food! Went here for the first time today. This place is awesome. My 4 year old had an endless list of fun activities to choose from. Great food options as well. We will definitely be back. It's nice, but the price is outrageous. Try to avoid going on weekends. It's very crowded and people will steal your place in line etc. However it has enjoyable activities for kids but lines are long and don't be shocked if big older kids run rampant and try to knock your toddlers over. A place to go once a year, not more than that. Corn is ready now!  This place is awesome for sweet corn! $5/dozen.  It's super fresh - usually picked same day.  It literally almost jumps off the cob into your mouth.

YUMYUMYUMYUMYUM The new layout is much nicer this year. They've added someone's new things for the kids to play on, like tire horse swings and a see-saw.  They've also updated the kids corn maze to include a "who dun it" clues finding game. This kept my 5 & 2 year old excited while navigating the maze. We used to drive over an hour to another pumpkin patch for the kids until we discovered Rader's in our town!!!  It has so much to do!  It is the perfect place to spend the afternoon with the kids in the fall!  Can't wait for pumpkin season this year! This is the #1 spot for fresh, organic veggies and produce. An unbelievable array of items that taste the best! Great prices matched with great quality! Such a great hidden gem. You all need to check this place out here in the metro east! I promise you wont be disappointed. This store has excellent produce And is extremely affordable. The owner is a wonderful, knowledgeable, chatty gentleman. He has an excellent selection and it's all top quality. I highly recommend this produce market to everyone. I think their website says it all: Four Seasons began as a way to "best reach the summer market consumers through all four seasons of the year."  In walking in to this little store, you are surrounded by local produce such as beef from Mills Livestock, canned and baked goods from Shady Rail Bakery & Catering, lamb cuts from Silver Valley Farm, and eggs from Shannon Family Farms, just to name a few.  But it doesn't stop there: cheeses, ice cream, honey, and even alcoholic pickles can be found on the shelves.  You can tell that quality is important at Four Seasons, and though it's pricier than what you might get from Kroger, you're certainly getting what you pay for.  We walked out with some beer pickles, jalapeño bratwurst, and chorizo as a birthday gift for a foodie family member, and I'm sure we'll be back! The market keeps getting bigger and better every year.  There are now a couple produce stands, a kettle korn place, several places selling plants an herbs, goats, bunnys, jams, breads, eggs, pork, crafts, and really nice soaps.  It is now a market worth going to if you are close by and don't want to make the trip to one of the bigger ones. Took my elderly mother for the morning and everyone was so nice! We purchased some apples and veggies then sat in the Amish furniture and chatted with workers and experience...thank you I really wasn't impressed with this place at all. It's basically a shack off the side of the road that sells produce and items that were grown at other farms in Missouri and Illinois. 

We did take a hayride... which led us to one pony to pet. We couldn't pick any apples or pumpkins, or run around in any fields. There's a small playground for kids to play on, and they can ride around the inside of the barn on tricycles. 

You're better off just going to your local Schnucks, and visiting a local playground. I have purchased fresh produce here and been pleased with the service and produce. Last year, we picked suburb blackberries for a reasonable price. They have u-pick berries this year, but charge each person $2 just to pick. (Ekhert's in Grafton charges $1, which probably covers the cost of berries some people eat.) 
Last week I bought a 1/4 peck "#1 peaches for $12. Peaches were from Calhoun county, IL and were all very good except for one which I had to throw out.  I stopped by a couple days later to purchase the same kind of peaches for my daughter. Three of the peaches (out of 10) were at least seconds. Foolishly, I returned for another bag for myself. This time I laid each peach out to examine it, saw that several peaches were of very poor quality ( bruised beyond eating, split at the stem to expose rotting flesh, and other significant damages.  I spoke to the attendant; she offered to replace two of the peaches. I left, very disappointed will return, but will inspect all fruits and veggies more carefully before I buy them.
It is a barn, farm market, not a fancy set up for city people to play all day. The do have some cool pedal tractors that my grandkids love as well as a huge corn play pit, sandbox filled with corn. with large toy loaders, trucks, and bulldozers.  Again, the grankid love to play there and will return for their home grown tomatoes, pumpkins, and play time.
I'm hoping that hiding 2nds among the #1 peaches is a fluke which will be corrected. The bags of seconds were $10, not really enough reduction for the quality. We had a terrible experience.  The owner was yelling at one of the employees and then they started arguing right in front of us.  The young boy working out in the orchard repeatedly told us that he had no idea what we were supposed to do because "nobody ever told him anything " and we were told at least 20 times..... You pick it you buy it.  We got the point.
There were NO good apples, they were all over the ground, but if WE picked any rotten ones we were expected to pay for sure. Our family loves this place! The people who run it are so nice and have made it a great family destination w/a huge play area for the kids. We come for berry picking, apple picking, mums and pumpkins. I wasn't sure what to expect when we went here last weekend, but I was disappointed. There were only a few apple trees and everything had been harvested already. The pumpkin fields were a mess with small pumpkins and, in my opinion, everything was on the more expensive side. I guess it's fine if you live in the area, but not a destination I would recommend. Summer is finally here, and that means it's farmers market season at last! The Freight House Farmers Market runs year round, but shines particularly brightly on Saturdays from May to October when the outdoor stalls are open. 

There's a little bit of everything here - from produce and plants to artisanal breads and cheeses to food trucks to handcrafted goods of all shapes and sizes to live music and more. It's a dog-friendly market and my dogs love to come and be adored by the general public and pick out some fresh-baked treats. The booth I never skip is the one with the African lady who sells awesome-smelling/working loose incense.

Love the Freight House Farmers Market and will do my best to come shop here every week that I can! " Indoor And Outdoor For Everything You Don't Need "

What a Great Shopping Venue. The Freight House Farmers Indoor Market is open year-round. You'll find a variety of vendors selling crafts, jewelry, vegetables, meats, breads, artisan cheeses, and much more. Some vendors can be found both indoors and outdoors. The Outdoor Market is open from May 5th to  October 28th on Saturday from 8:00 am to 1:00 pm. They are open on Sundays from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm. Also open on  Wednesday's from 8:00 am to-1:00 pm. The Indoor Market is open year round on Saturday from  8:00 am to 1:00 pm, and Sundays from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm, and Wednesday's from 8:00 am to 1:00 pm. While this farmers market is open year round, our visit in December was a bit underwhelming to be honest. Not much fresh produce which I kind of expected but in general not a lot of foot traffic or much to choose from. 

For the most part, lots of vendors selling hand made goods and items, some food and beverages ranging from sausages to cheeses and even kombucha. Aside from that not much I was particularly interested in. However we did end up purchasing some sausages to enjoy on the road. Probably didn't spend more than 15 minutes walking around and browsing. There's two main rooms that were indoor to visit, but like I mentioned kind of underwhelming in general to see. 

I'm guessing it's probably worth a visit during the warmer months where I'd assume there's more vendors and foot traffic and all around liveliness.

'Til next time, cheers! I came into town during the winter, which may have put a damper on my experience here. The biggest plus about the Freight House Farmers Market is that it is open year round! But I was a little disappointed to see almost no fresh foods. Lots of small, extremely nice and welcoming vendors with their inventory but for the most part, saw soaps, kumbacha, beef jerky, meat, and hand carved objects. Where are the veggies and flowers at? (probably frozen over, but still...when you think Farmers Market...)

Worth mentioning though is that parking is extremely easy, and that this is right next to the beautiful Ferris wheel! It's a fun walk around and there is enough to check out the crafts and products. We were from out of town so we didn't really buy any fresh produce. Saturday morning in Farmer's market was a good experience.
There are a lot of fresh produce, plants and flowers, and food trucks. The prices are reasonable and the vendors are friendly. You can get pizza, crab rangoon, egg rolls, etc. if you are hungry. Some of the produce is higher priced than big stores, but it is fresh. There are artists who play to entertain and make some money too.

Parking can be a problem on the weekends at the Farmer's market. I really liked this farmers market. There is def a lot to see or purchase. I even learned a couple of things while I was there. The only thing that I didn't care for was it seemed like every other person there brought there dog/dogs with them. I felt like I was at a dog park (which my children loved). But being a cautious parent with strange dogs around my kids was my only concern. The people were friendly, the food was fresh, and go their hungery cause u can snack along the way. My favorite spot to go on a Saturday morning in the Quad Cities. There's always something new and exciting to look forward to each week. I was always a regular before I left the QC and this Easter weekend was my first time back since the indoor expansion of new businesses. 
The addition of a Front Street Brewery was a spectacular idea, especially on the riverfront for festivals and baseball games. But it also adds another dimension to the freight house and greater appeal for all kinds of market goers. I know my dad really enjoyed sampling a few new craft beers and a bloody Mary. 

Sampling new things before I buy is one of my biggest selling points throughout the market. I love trying new cheeses, salsas, breads, dips, candy, wine, fresh fruits and vegetables. I know I'm leaving with a product that I'll really enjoy and savor later. 

This visit to the freight house was extra enjoyable because they had a room set up with Easter activities for kids to make Easter hats and baskets and have their faces painted and then they lined them up for an Easter parade. They also had baby goats and bunnies outside to pet and hold which was lovely. All around a very enjoyable morning at the farmers market,  as usual! I love local farmers markets, and this one blows the ones in the Chicago suburbs out of the water. You can tell this place is popular because it is ridiculous to find parking...and it's the Quad Cities. There are tons of different stands to visit. Everything from meat, cheeses, wine, vegetables, flowers, food trucks, crafts, herbs, and more! You could probably do most of your grocery shopping here. I love supporting local, and of course everyone is very nice and very thankful for the support. I was impressed! I LOVE this place.  Plenty of fresh locally grown organic  fruits, veggies, free range poultry and beef.  There are also many food vendors giving free samples, and selling different foods.  Check out the brat stand.  They have some crazy flavored brats.  

Also it is very dog friendly.  You are more than welcome to bring a well behaved dog on a leash.  

They have everything from fruits, veggies, meats, arts, crafts, toys, jams, salsa, honey, to even homemade dog treats.

Overall great food and it supports local small farmers, not some huge factory farm. Open Saturdays and Tuesdays, the Farmers' Market in Davenport is the place to be to get farm-fresh produce and purchase locally made products such as jewelry, honey, soaps, candy, tamales, and more! Both indoors and outside, there are over fifty venders selling their wares. Some vendors take credit cards, some checks, but some only accept cash, so bring some money or use the ATM inside the Freight House building. Whether you are shopping for something specific or you just want to browse around for an hour or two, stop by the Farmers' Market and check out the produce!

If you found this review helpful, please take a second to compliment it, rate it as helpful and become a fan! Variety of foods, crafts, and people. It's the place to be every weekend. 
I enjoy the fun, family-oriented atmosphere with the playground and live music. It just seems to be a big get-together.
Be sure to check out The Crepe Guy while you're there! Not sure where else you could go to get dog biscuits, beets, kettle corn, salsa, soap, plants, and fresh pasta in one place. Honestly, this place has it all!

I was in town for work and stumbled upon the market and was impressed by the size of the market (HUGE!) and also by how many people were there. It was packed! 

You really can find a little bit of everything in the market. If I lived in the area, I know I'd be a frequent shopper. 

Shop local! This is a well rounded farmers market with most vendors producing all their goods within the region. There are organics farms with in-season produce, grass fed beef, free-range organic chickens, honey, jams, etc. They also have many artisan and crafted items with obviously more choices in the summer months. That is what root cellars are for here in Iowa :) One caution, watch out for the sellers that have shipped in products if you are trying to eat local produce. This is my favorite Farmer's Market. Ever.  That is a bold statement.  I"ve been around the block in terms of Farmer's Markets.

So, there are two parts to the market: indoor and outdoor.  The indoor market has mostly baked goods, candy, jewelry, crafts, soaps, etc.  The outdoor also has some of the aforementioned vendors but just not as many.  

The produce here is very high quality.  I cannot speak to the eggs and meat but I've heard through the grapevine they are wonderful.

There is a guy who sells lawn art made from old bottles, canteens, tools and I just love his stuff!   Definitely taking recycling to the next level- love it and own a couple of his pieces.  There are a lot of dog bakeries too.

The best part: Most, if not all, vendors accept debit/credit cards.  I think this is awesome in case you forgot the cash at home.

there are plenty of food vendors as well if you get hungry for a snack.

Highly recommend if you are local or just visiting- it is a fabulous market and great way to support your LOCAL farmers!! The best farmer's market for variety, vendors, friendliness, and community support between Chicago and Des Moines. I've been to better Farmer's Markets, sure, but for the Quad Cities it's probably as good as can be expected.  There is produce, meats, cheeses and baked goods available for sale all year long (obviously peak season is June-September, the offerings in the winter are slim, but still there).

Local vendors plus good prices means I'm a fan.

Get there early, the good stuff goes fast.

It also pays to price compare, don't buy the first bushel of apples that catches your eye b/c I've noticed the prices vary vendor to vendor. Best apple cider doughnuts on the planet!  Fresh Deli cafe is delish!  Huge Variety and usually several things that make my kid smile.  Last year I would have given 5 stars, but lately there has been a little much on the side of flyers about how I should live..no thanks :) Not the best I have ever been to.  It's still a little bit carnival.  2 people in this world, carnies and rubes.  Reasonable prices, and ok quality to great quality.  Much variety.  You should eat bfast at the market, just a recommendation.  Or don't.... Jerk I love this farmer's market! Being from Chicago I find the selection of fantastic! I have brought many visitors to here and they all ask if they can go again when they come back in town! It is very large though, so it does take a little time to find your favorite vendors. You go to the farm and you pick your own strawberries.  In all of my case studies, I've determined that food you pick yourself tastes better.  A little bit of sweat equity yields better tasting fruit and veggies. Okay, in reality, it probably has a lot more to do picking the produce at the peak ripeness and then eaten in the following days instead of sitting on a truck to travel to your grocery store. 
These strawberries were amazingly delicious.  I ate a whole bunch while I was picking because I was really thirsty and the strawberries were juicy.  The picking part was easy, even though we visited near the end of strawberry-season (July 5), there were still plenty of good berries in the field.  These berries are smaller than the ones you will buy in stores but everything they lack in size they make up for tenfold in flavor.  I can't vouch for how long your berries will last because it didn't take long to eat most of them.  We did freeze some but I would suggest forgoing washing them since I think they will fall apart.
I thought the price was a little high ($1.50/pound) for picking your own berries, but I still plan on going back next year. This place is also a little difficult to find so I would suggest calling ahead for directions (and for their hours since I believe they change throughout the season).  My personal method of looking at a map and directing my mother down random country roads ended up with me leading us down a very poorly maintained "road" and my mom thought I was going to break her car. The Park Ridge Farmers Market is wonderful!  I try to make it out weekly to see what's going on and get some great food.  It is a bit expensive in my experience, but the whole thing is a fun family event.  The customers have a great vibe and ambiance is full of energy. 
Highlights include:
-tons of fresh fruits and veggies
- awesome cheeses from Wisconsin
- the pickle guy for giardianara and pickles 
- hot tamales (not the candy)
- delicious pies 
- varieties of hot sauce and spices
- flowers
- kettle corn
- random vendors from around the area 
Give the Farmers Market a shot - you won't be disappointed! Good selection now, much better than 3 weeks ago. 1 bad experience, 6 Generation Farms had a teenage daughter calculating costs when we tried to pay, would not say out loud how much each item was as she weighed them, then gave me a price of $28. I knew it couldn't be that much so we started over and I had her say the price each time, this time it was $16.50! She never smiled or seemed to even care how wrong she was, no apology, and the older man there with her said nothing.
Just a reminder to keep track yourself of what it should cost. Don't know if it was intentional, just throw out a price & see if it will get paid or just can't add in her head, either way they have lost our business for this season, other vendors to choose from.
Rest of the market was nice, great blueberries out now. It's a good quality market, maybe a little small for the size of Park Ridge, but quite welcome.  In July and August, there are at least half a dozen produce vendors offering pretty much every fruit and vegetable that you could possibly want.  Prices are expectedly high, but quality is tremendous across the board.  

I would like to see more prepared-food vendors; the only option is tamales.  There are also two bakeries, one specializing in bread and one in sweets.  KILLER kettle corn from a dude named (I mean, nick-named, presumably) Kernel Dan.  Another standout is That Pickle Guy:  their garlic crunchers are some of the best pickles in the Midwest (the regular and the hot are A- and B+ respectively).  Flowers, cheese, olive oil, brown eggs.

Then you have some of the typical outdoor-market niche products, such as homemade dog treats and goat soap.  Or was it vice versa?  Anyway, that kind of stuff.  Birdhouses with license-plate roofs.  A municipal booth with police officers and local government officials.

Free street parking nearby, usually as close as right across the street. This is probably the best Farmer's Market that I have been to this summer. Great vendors, quality produce, fair pricing. Easy to find parking. I'd like to see more children's activities or maybe a small live music trio, even some elementary students playing their instruments would be great. A lively and fun market. First time visitor today. Easy parking, friendly vendors. Always a great way to begin a Saturday. Lots of wonderful vendors! My favorite is definitely Wright Way Farms who are the only USDA Certified Organic farm & vendor there. They provide a low cost CSA that you can pick up weekly at the market. They also sell fantastic organic produce in season at their booth. 
http://www.thewrightwayfarm.com

I love being able to go weekly and pick up gorgeous fresh flowers, cheese, essential oils, natural meats, pickles, plants...you name it! In the beginning of the season, you can grab planters filled with dill, basil, cilantro, mint, lavender, etc... to take home and transplant into your garden or sit on your window sill. 

This market also has guest vendors every week, if you get hungry by the wonderful smells surrounding you...a great little hot dog stand, plenty of parking in the lot or street and is completely family and dog friendly. Supporting locally sourced items has a significant positive impact. Stop getting items from other countries and get your arse to your farmer's markets to buy local and organic! You may even meet some friendly faces and have a great time doing something good. 

#Foodie #PassionForLocal&Organic My MIL (who lives in Park Ridge) and I came here at about 9:30 am on a Saturday morning in June. I was impressed with how neatly organized everything was and it didn't seem obnoxiously overcrowded like some markets can be. 4/5 stars because I really thought the variety of vendors could have been better (although I realize this isn't entirely the organizers faults). Veggies, fruits, baked goods, jams, pasta, bread, pickles, cheeses, olive oils and kettle corn on the day I was here. I typically always see someone selling homemade dogs treats at markets such as these, but nothing like that here. I guarantee this type of booth would go over very well because there were quite a few pets in attendance. I left with two loaves if bread from 'The Bread Man,' a lemon poppyseed loaf from Allegretti's Bakery, some cheese curds, peas and cherry tomatoes; all of which were very tasty. Overall, a good haul. Maybe every Saturday is different? There was a vendor selling different kinds of olive oils and I'm not sure here's there all of the time. There was also entertainment; a musician on guitar and a balloon artist. The kids really seemed to like the balloon maker as his wait was 15-20 people deep. A good stop if you're in the area on a Saturday morning, but if you've been to one farmer's market you've seen them all. What a fun way to spend part of a Saturday morning.

I stopped in for the first time a couple weekends ago. There is a ton of fresh produce - more booths than i can count, a couple bakeries, a cheese booth (one of my favorites), and even fresh flowers set up everywhere.

I did think some of the produce prices were a little high, but other items, like the cheese and flowers, were very reasonably priced. I left with some apricot-nut brie cheese ($7), and a huge bunch of fresh eucalyptus ($5). I've gotten quite a few complements on how the eucalyptus looks really pretty in the house, and it's a calming scent you notice when you walk in the door.

I've only gone early (between 8-9), and it isn't too crowded yet. Not sure how it would be in the later morning or early afternoon.

This is definitely a market I'll visit again. The main reason I go to farmers' markets is to buy fresh, local fruit, veggies, and herbs.  Many other markets seem to focus on prepared foods, crafts, etc., which is fine, but I'm all about the produce.  So, for me, this market doesn't disappoint!  It's small and intimate, with more of a small-town feel than a festival vibe.

Last week, I was able to fill my tote with  beautiful carrots, zucchini, the most fragrant basil ever, oregano, string beans, onions, and adorable purple bell peppers for under $9. (Beat that, Jewel!) I passed on the succulent-looking berries and juicy peaches this time, but they'll be there every Saturday until October 27th, so I think I have time to enjoy a greater variety of things.

Also worth noting is that the market is dog friendly.  I don't have a dog, but I love being bonked by a wagging tail while I'm picking out my tomatoes, or stopping to pet them as I work my way from one end of the market to the next.  If you hate dogs (and I can't imagine ANYONE does), that's fine, too--most of the pooches seem to be regulars, and are very well-behaved and acclimated to the crowds. Okay I have a confession...I played hooky from work today...

Reason #1...all the kids were out of town and I wanted quality couple time with the husband.
Reason #2...it was GORGEOUS outside, sunny, in the 70's...perfect.
Reason #3...I had an intense Farmer's Market craving to fill!
Mission accomplished at the Park Ridge Farmer's Market!

My suggestion...give it a once-over-walk-around.
Some vendors are a little overpriced and not the best in the personality department. 
The ones that are fairly-priced have personalities to makeup for the charm-deprived vendors, in addition to having gorgeous fresh produce.

Honorable Mentions go to...
*Tidey Farms...wonderful folks, fresh & vibrant veggies, great prices
*The Cheese People...self-explanatory, really, they'll give you little samples and turn you onto some fantastic and unusual cheeses (see photos)
*That Pickle Guy...I dare you to try his Garlic Crunch Dills and not fall in love, plus his Spicy Olive Muffalata Mix is outstanding!
*The Salsa Guy...but in this case it was the Salsa Guy's wife...huge selection of salsas and sauces. She was a sweetheart and encouraged us to try all the different varieties. We ended up getting "El Gringo Loco" Natural Buffalo Wing sauce. Mrs. Salsa Guy even gave me a printed recipe for an additional uses for the sauce.

Additionally there are other vendors with baked goods, fresh flowers, gourmet dog goodies, fresh honey, etc.

This was the perfect way to start off a "hooky-day!" super cute little farmer's market. I went here becuas of the crossfit gym that I was dropping in at. They have a variety of goodies - veggies, honey, coffee, popcorn, and cheese. They also have a couple of flower vendors that sell soem of the biggest roses that I have seen. Parking is easy as well. Only one organic vendor.  I've given up our farmers market in PR and make a trip to Logan Square for our produce. I do like the honey and the live music though. If you live anywhere close to the Park Ridge Farmer's Market and have been purchasing frozen corn from the grocery store, cease and desist! Immediately! The PRFM has what may be the best corn I've ever tasted. We bought some on Saturday morning to grill for dinner that night. I didn't even need to put anything on it, because it was so moist and flavorful.

I also bought some blueberries, which beat the pants off any grocery store berries I've had, including Trader Joe's and Whole Foods (let's not talk about Jewel and Dominick's produce here--that's bush league stuff). Why? Because they aren't pre-packed and left to sit on a shelf all week. The berries I bought were picked on Friday, then put by hand into an unwrapped container on Saturday, the same day I bought them. You know those gross, mushy berries that hang out in the middle of the carton and sometimes mold, spoiling the whole carton before you can eat it all? I didn't have any of those in my carton from the PRFM. Why? Because somebody had *just put the berries in the carton,* and if they saw a gross berry, they didn't put it in there. Only today, three days after purchase, do I detect any signs of mush, and that doesn't really matter because I finished off the carton with breakfast. I *never* get to finish cartons of berries, because some mushy-to-moldy stowaways always ruin the carton before I can get through it. I guess I've just been buying them from the wrong place.

Another perk: many of the people working here can answer questions about the produce and other products. They know because they grew/packed/baked the stuff. They can also make recommendations for you if you tell them how you're going to use the item. For example, when I told the mushroom lady that I planned to grill the portobello mushrooms, she dug around her mushroom treasure chest and found me some mushrooms of what she considers the ideal size and thickness for grilling.  She also recommended herbs for the preparation (also available at the PRFM).

A lot of people seem to think farmer's markets are pricey, but I don't think it's that bad. The prices ranged from a little less than what I would pay at Jewel to about what I'd pay at Whole Foods, depending on the item. There were also some booths selling the same items from different farmers and at different prices, so you could shop around to find the best prices on many items. Plus, they have items here that you just don't see at the store, like currants. I don't even know if the currants were priced well, because I've simply never found them in a store. Plus, most of it is organic, and I am comparing the prices to the non-organic produce at Jewel or Dominick's. 

There are, of course, a few ways the PRFM could improve. First, the parking is confusing. There's a lot nearby that says, "AT&T parking only! All others will be towed!" We therefore parked in a metered space next to the lot. On the way back to the car, I saw a ton of people who had not been towed loading veggies into their vehicles. I think maybe a sign or two letting people know they can park in that lot and don't have to do laps waiting for a metered space to open up would be nice. Also, I know it's not as big, but in my head I compare it to the farmer's market in Daley Plaza. To me, it is the holy grail of farmer's markets. Since Park Ridge is of course much smaller than Chicago, it isn't really fair for me to compare the two, but I can't help it. Of course, since I live so close to the PRFM but not close to Daley Plaza, my greens wouldn't wilt on the trip home (if the PRFM has greens sometime I go, that is). Somewhat balancing that is the amount of dogs at the PRFM that aren't at the DPFM. Sooo many cute dogs!

Also of note: there's an old guy hand-sharpening knives and scissors in a lot just next to the market. I don't know how often he's there or if he's officially part of the market, but it's pretty cool watching him sit at his old-school contraption and do it. I might bring my dull pruning shears next time and see if he does gardening implements, too. Once a year, and always in the late summer/early fall, there's a guy who sets up a stand selling bare-root cuttings of daylilies and irises. Not just any daylilies and irises. These are award-winning hybrids he develops himself and grows in his own Park Ridge backyard! And he's got the ribbons and trophies on display to prove it. He also brought along a personal photo album of his daylilies. Large blossoms of red, orange, yellow, pink and magenta with multi-colored centers, rich in color of their own.

He sells them for $5 each or 3 for $10, which is a ridiculous bargain. The same single bulbs or tubers would sell for $10 or $20 each, or a developed clump could go for as much as $150 in a catalog. He sells these hybrids to growers who in turn propagate them and sell them to the public 10-15 years down the road.

Cool thing is, you can get them right here, right now, but only on this particular day. I had a long talk with him about raising daylilies and I bought 2 lilies + 1 iris. The idea is to plant them together. The iris blooms in late spring while the daylilies take longer. Once the iris is done, the lilies come up behind it and the blooms keep coming all summer long. While you can't pick the particular color of bulb you're getting from his collection, you know it will look awesome when it blooms.

His hybrid dayliles can also be seen growing around Uptown Park Ridge, local PR fire stations and many people's backyards all over town. By the end of the day, he's all sold out till he returns next year. You can't miss that! A  farmers market is one of the little joys in life, and Park Ridge seems to have a good one. It's located in a parking lot at Prairie Avenue and Garden, just south of the Metra train tracks and east of Cumberland.  (they put up signs, for directionally challenged people like me). It runs every Saturday, from May 24 - Oct. 25, from 7 am-1 pm.

The usual offerings are here: fresh fruits, veggies, herbs, flowers and baked goods.  Last Saturday, we picked up rhubarb, cherry tomatoes,  onions, and sugar snap peas.  How fresh were they?  The peas actually *snapped* when we cracked them open.  Million times better than, say, Dominick's. 

There wasn't any corn on the cob yet (maybe it's too soon yet), but - if like my husband - you refuse to eat anything other than just-picked corn, there are no other options besides a farmers market.  If we buy it, we're gonna buy it here.

We (okay, it was me) bought some double chocolate chip cookies from Baked by Betsy; I have to agree with Mike O., in that it didn't taste as great as I'd hoped.  Our final purchase, however, was a hit: a bag of El Rey spicy red Hot Tostaditas Chips (lime & chili flavored) from some vendor in Milwaukee.  They had samples of various salsas out, as well; a couple jars are bound to find their way into our pantry next week.

As Mike mentioned, it's a very pleasant way to spend a Saturday morning outside. (A notice in the paper related that they also host the Listening Post, where residents can talk to elected officials and Coffee with the Cops, where police officers will be on hand to chat and answer questions.  Frankly, I'd rather sample salsas, but that's me).

Go if you're in the area. Great Farmers Market!  It is close to home and has all the fresh veggies and fruit that you can get at the bigger farmers markets.  Prices are good and I love the cheese stand. I was excited to read about this in the Bridgeport newspaper. So I came here on Sunday. I woke up kinda late, so I got here at like 12ish, and they close around 1pm. I didnt see many vendors there, but that could've been cuz I went so late. I did see plenty of fresh fruits, veggies, salsa, tomato sauce, honey, pastries and cheese for sale. I bought some cheese from Brunkow Cheese out of Wisconsin. It was the best cheese ever. I got a bag of cheese curds, oven baked cheese, horseradish chedder cheese spread, and Morel Mushroom cheese all for about 20 bucks. 

They will be back again the last Sunday of September and October. So I will definitely go again, but earlier this time. Few stalls, expensive pickled vegetables in a jar selling for $10.00 and jar has barely any vegetables in it! I ended up buying tomatoes and avocado. What the heck happened?  Last year, they ran the farmers market with no farmer.  This year, there's no market at all. I am a bit surprised about the 4-5 star reviews for the Bridgeport Farmers Market. There is (LITERALLY) like 5 stalls! Not the kind of Farmers Market you would walk away from not needing to go to the Supermarket and get the rest of the things you need. I supported the market this year, as I will again if they set up this year. However, there was not much to choose from and it was frustrating. 

Its nice that Bridgeport is starting to move forward and work towards having a functioning Farmers Market. I hope as the Market grows, I can come and edit this review in the future. On September 28, 2013 7:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. the Bridgeport Farmer's Market located on the southwest corner of 35th and Wallace is "Going to the Dogs"!! Check out who is coming!! Microchip your pet, get a pet caricature, meet pups who are looking for a forever home, goody bags, coupon for free nail trim, raffles and more!! Stop by with your pup!! I was so thrilled to see the sign for the Bridgeport Farmers Market on my walk from the train. Naturally I was there bright and early Sunday to support. Looked like a decent amount of people were going. This beats lugging heavy produce home on the red line from the downtown markets.  Bought some fennel, zucchinis and salsa. It was great to have somewhere close by to get farmers market basics.  I can't wait till they open again in the summer I definately plan to go more this year. This is a well-organized, lovely market in the park on Chesterton's beautiful town square.  Very family-friendly and dog-friendly.  Plenty of both sun and shade, but seating is quite limited.

Fabulous Jamaican jerk chicken and smoky pork barbecue, brick-oven pizza, pierogi, fresh (not frozen) shrimp, and wonderful desserts and pastries.  Soft pretzels made from scratch on the spot while you watch.  Crafts and products of all sorts.  Garden-fresh produce and local honey.  There's a world-class antiquarian book store on the corner of the square.

This market makes for a wonderful summer morning experience, but maybe bring a camp chair if you want to be sure of having a seat. If you don't mind strolling, this is your place! This is s pretty good size during the season, but options are limited on opening day. There are the typical bakeries, wild honey, wine, cheese, and food vendors. They have live music which is always fun. If you're like we were and get in line for jerk chicken too late, there are brick and mortar dining options down the road. 
I recommend cycling if you can, or park away from the square to avoid traffic. Well run market which has evolved wonderfully over the years. Get there on the earlier side, like before eleven, if you want to get some of the items as they go fast. Long lines for the food trucks, but that is usually expected. Good selection of food. But, few places to sit and eat it. You can even get your knives sharpened!! Would love to see one more bakery offering an assortment of breads. Good entertainment, but because the music is in the middle of the market, there is no place to sit and enjoy it. I go back again and again! This market was great! Tons of options and some great smelling food! We went looking for fresh fruit but unfortunately we arrived later in the day and most of it was gone! 

My only "complaint" is that there needs to be more seating to eat the great food. They have a few picnic tables and some brick walls to sit on but nothing substantial.

We will definitely go back. Located in Chesterton Indiana every Saturday from 10 to 2 from the beginning of May through the end of October. There are numerous food vendors. Specialty handmade items and homemade food products. Surprisingly there isn't a lot of fruits and vegetables you may expect to find. And people love to bring their dogs they're everywhere. It's pet and family friendly. The food available is always exceptional. It's a good time and well worth the trip. Great veggies and sad to see blueberries gone. Bread Honey.  And of course Books and coffee. Marylin's Veryberrie pie great local produce + specialty items like bread and cheese = always a must go on Saturdays

I love this farmers market because the venders have been the same for ages and I can get a ton of my produce locally.  They have cheese, bread, honey, and preserves that I splurge on sometimes but most of the time I am happy with my basket full of local produce.  I highly recommend this market! Out of all the farmer's markets I have been to, this is my second favorite.  I say second because if you are looking for acutal produce, forget it.  They have 2-3 of thier 80+ vendors that acutally sell veggies and they are so slammed that I don't even bother.  However, if you want artisan breads, cheese, pastries and other crafty things, this is perfect.  Also, the amount of food vendors is head spinning, from bubble teas to tacos, you name it, it will be there most likely.  

But veggies at a farmer's market, not this one hardly... Great market - very authentic. There were around 40 to 50 vendors offering everything from baklava and tamales to pierogies and olive oils. It reminded us of a market we visited in northern Italy with Italian music playing and the smell of fresh pepperoni in the air. Great place to not only make purchases but learn about the story behind the food from the vendors. I'm a veteran to the Chesterton European Market as I've tried to go at least once a year for the past several years.  Multiple vendors line the square offer items from food items (fresh fruit to desserts from a convent) to knife sharpening to plants and even dog treats. 

My favorite vendors include Lehman's Orchard from Niles Michigan (they have veggie chips and a nice selection of dried fruits and jams/honey) and Kris' Country Kitchen out of South Bend with their homemade cookies and other goodies.  I also purchased a bag of kettle corn and a pretzel from another vendor which was one of the more delicious I've ever had.

I'll definitely be back at least one more time this year.  The market runs from May until the end of October.  With the entertainment and all the square has to offer, there is always something for everyone here. This is an open air market, fashioned supposedly after European markets.  I'm not sure, I've never been to a European market so I can't speak to the authenticity of it.  It has a nice array of vendors; however, way too many crafty things for me.  You can only buy so much soap, bath oils, beaded jewelry before it doesn't make it worth your time to go.  

Some of the vendors are unique.  There is a cheese person there; however, I shy away from that because in the summer, all the cheeses are out (unrefrigerated with flies buzzing around), people sell sandwiches and full meals, baked goods and the aforementioned crafty items.  Sometimes there is a band playing or a musician plying his trade in the middle of the market.  It's a good place to people watch and get up to date info on new olive oils, some very good tapenades, lovely pastries and grab a cup of coffee or a smoothie.  For my tastes, I like the market by Skip's on Red Arrow Highway in Harbert, Michigan.  They also have some crafty vendors but I look at them more as artists, but they also have great farm produce. There is always a rescue group booth for puppies and kitties waiting to be adopted as well. Wide variety of vendors, produce and wares. Can always find something there. Open air market...weather matters. Bring a lawn blanket and prepare to picnic with your family and friends at the Thomas   Centennial Park.  You see, Chesterton is all things Americana.  It's a quaint little town with a cute little market that has everything from fresh cut flowers, garden vegetables, fresh lemonade, BBQ meat to jewelry, scarves and mittens.  If you're not from Indiana, it's a nice way to experience some things unique to the state and region.  For example, they have local vendors like the famous Wakarusa Dime Store with their exclusive Jumbo Jelly Beans (huge and quite yummy with all sorts of flavors).  Kernels and Kones was there with their chocolates and gourmet fudge (fudge which is apparently from Pennsylvania but still excellent nonetheless).  I especially enjoyed the Polish accordionist Steve Kowalczyk and how he used timeless pieces to entertain passersby.  I had an enjoyable time and felt my 2 hours was well-spent.  I would definitely return to this open air market again. Visited last Saturday after an outstanding stop a few years ago.  This time was a bust for me.  The Michigan peaches were mealy, the corn mediocre and the melon was rotten and tasted really bad.  The only thing that was good were the organic blueberries.  As for a taste before you buy! There was a time in my life when I was a carb-loader, errr I mean vegetarian.    However, there was a night time football game in college, I craved a hot dog, and it was all over.  True story.  So, now I eat meat, but try to only think of it as originating in the package it comes in.  

We had been eating more and more organic meat, but I still didn't feel that great about it.  I mean, I am not the folks from Portlandia, (http://www.hulu.com/watch/208808) but I would prefer that my food be antibiotic and hormone free and actually know it for sure.  So, I did some research and found out that Nature's Choice was available right at the Frankfort Farmer's Market.  Hooray! 

We signed up for the CSA and egg share and couldn't wait for our first delivery.  We get to choose from two different bags and there is always a great selection.  Not only do I know exactly where our meat is coming from, but it tastes great.  Unlike anything I have ever had.  Like what meat should really taste like. The eggs are also delicious and we go through quite a few each month.

Before Nature's Choice, my husband lived in fear that I would give up meat again, but with this quality of a product, he can rest easy that this won't happen.  In fact, we have already decided that we will continue with the meat and egg share throughout the winter and spring.  It really is a great value and a great product.  Try it out! I have bought from farmers over the years, I had purchased from this farm and everything seemed great until one order we were upcharged for eggs because they didn't have the size we wanted so they increased our order to the larger eggs $1 more per dozen and never even mentioned it. Then on a different order we had a slight issue with our ham slices being discolored and having an odor. This was over the course of buying from them for about 2 years and about 10 different orders. They black listed us from ordering from them because we had pointed out those 2 things. Be careful when you order from them because they don't take well to anyone trying to mention that something may have been bad or wrong. I found this farm selling at the Lombard Farmers Market this past summer (2012). I had never considered organic meat, figuring the stuff at the local grocery store was good enough. I was WRONG! Their meat has much more taste, less fat, and the animals are fed NO corn, antibiotics or hormones. Grass-fed and free-range, it's the best of all worlds. They have opened my palate to what real meat is supposed to taste like. The only thing they could do to make it more perfect would be to add dairy items (although they do offer free-range eggs). I plan on ordering from them year-round - they offer a delivery service once the farmers markets close down. You can't go wrong with Eric and Samantha and their wonderful farm. The Market is sponsored by the WUSM Wellness Council.  It occurs on Thursdays from 10:00 am - 2:00 pm and is located in the Plaza outside of Barnes & Noble .
I like to pick up stuff for lunch and the night's dinner here since I work in the adjacent building.   During inclement weather, the market is held in the lobby of the MPRB---the building that houses the Barnes and Noble.  This location is close to the CWE Metrolink.  Some of the prices are high, but the quality is there including organics and unusual varieties.

 Vendors include: 
 
Windcrest Dairy: Greek and regular yogurt - serving plain, vanilla, raspberry, blueberry and peach  (no preservatives added) and assorted cheeses. 
The Raspberry Greek is out of this world.  I never cared for Greek style until I tasted Windcrest.  Now, I stock up for the week.
  
Stringbean Coffee Company:  Providing locally roasted coffee with beans sourced from organic farms!
 
Veggie Boy Produce :  Tomatoes, broccoli, zucchini, squash, cucumbers, asparagus, potatoes and green beans. Get some fresh, basil, lettuce (Boston, green and red romaine), kale, spinach, pea shoots and baby Swiss chard
 
Oriental Veggies: Featuring fresh produce: Chives, onions and cucumbers

 Eilerman Brother's Orchards and Produce: Offering fresh fruits and vegetables that are in season
 
Grandma's Nuts: Trail mix and other nut selections for a healthy snack and other foods as well including an all natural premium mixture of nuts, fruits and seeds - very delicious and nutritious

Traveling Tea
 
Olove Oil: Featuring delicious olives, extra virgin olive oil and vinegar=====This oil is sublime.  It's expensive, but worth the splurge.

 Great Harvest Bread Company: Featuring items such as:apple crumble bread, oatmeal raisin bread, cinnamon raisin walnut bread, Dakota bread, high five fiber bread, cinnamon chip bread, Challah bread, rosemary garlic bread. Also raspberry cream cheese scones, Grandma's Nuts scones and reduced fat fruit muffins - 
 
 
Baetje Farms: Baetje provides farm fresh goat cheeses.  They also sell $1 cold packs so you can keep your cheese fresh until you get home. A true gem to have in Kenosha. The vendors are trustworthy, the food is amazing, and the produces you really want. Not sure why the ban on dogs reduced some people's rating. It was simply too crowded-potentially dangerous for the doggies. With that out of the way...... I went 3 times already this year and it is just as happy and colorful as every year. It is quickly becoming less and less of a best kept secret and there are more vendors and public there but still the venue is so open and beautiful and the variety of goodies is amazing! Fresh honey, bright flowers so colorful they look fake, crafts, scented soaps, freshly tossed kettle corn, wood work, cheese, fudge, metal art, fresh baked breads, warm tacos, jewelry, live music and much much more!  Don't forget to sample the empanadas and the African dishes! Overall, it is a refreshing and stress relieving place to go. If the crowd is a bit much, walk right over to the waterfront which is visible from any angle. You may have to walk by the beautiful fountain surrounded by bright flowers or the children playing with the giant bubbles on the lawn. This market has everything...fresh food, coffee, juice, veggies and fruit, plants, and more!  Love coming across the border to this market! TL;DR: KHM management chooses favorites for vendor and customer. This was evident before my family got involved as vendors, but now, it is basically a proven fact. We will not be coming back next year!

As a customer: It is a very busy market, some days so busy it is hard to get through. It makes for an unpleasant experience. The people at the market table can be quite the pieces of work most days if you see them interact with people. I also recall Glass Cheese, she is sweet to your face, until she turns around! Very judgmental. Most people are very nice, want to sell their items, but you can tell that the market management has an agenda. They seem to be pushing it as a "farmers market" rather than a "European Market" as they advertise because they will give end spots to farmers and food, rather than place them strategically to help draw people in. Then there is when they have a string of the same type of product all in a row. Really? Direct competition? It makes the crowd bunch, rather than flow. The management really needs to educate themselves on how to lay these things out, or maybe do a survey of vendors. They handled this summer's "Dog Ban" quite poorly, with a lot of people saying they are going to ban the market due to it. The only people that they are hurting are the vendors, they didn't make the rules, so they are just as bad as the people who caused the situation. 

As a vendor: I am related to vendors, let me tell you, the market management is a bit like Hollywood. You either are the right ethnicity, right religion or are sleeping with management to get a good spot. All you need to look at to know this is where the lemonade goes, and who ends up at the end of the Place. I look each year to see the maps, and know that craft vendors, who, in terms of revenue, bring the most value (market did research that they are trying to hide because they thought food would win), is AT RISK EVERY YEAR of losing their spot to food, because the management has a clouded mind, does not understand their value, and is biased. The indoor market and winter market is invite only, and guess who gets the invitations (again, Hollywood, and the food vendors who kiss CC's booty). We have asked several times about indoor, and just get told it is invite only... never once got in, not even a call if there are cancellations. We never were even allowed on the vendor facebook page, guess we didn't kiss enough booty. The Family and I looked at the winter market map. Booty kissing food vendors get the prime tent, and the booty kissing crafters get the back tent. Being a holiday market, you would almost thing CC would prioritize the crafters and non-food vendors for gifts, but no. I guess everyone should be buying celery for christmas. Stupid. Not even giving priority to self-crafted vendors this year, no, straight to Chinese/Indian imports. REMEMBER SMALL BUSINESS this year people, they are who you should be helping, not some maharaja in a past life. It is almost to the point of the standard KENOSHA PRO-ITALIAN RACISM AT THE KENOSHA HARBOR MARKET (as to who gets what spots and who gets in at the summer and indoor market. You can definitely tell what is up when your favorite crafter gets bumped around, their loyalty means nothing to the PAID market management (who doesn't really manage or enforce their own rules). We will not be coming back just to be pushed around and treated like garbage, so long KHM, hello Mileagers, Lincoln Park, and  State Fair! Was a nice place for a dog walk but when people bring dogs not Suitable to be in public it really ruins the atmosphere For good dogs Too bad really enjoyed the weekends down there will have to find a new place to enjoy dog walks were people respect each other Kenosha Harbor MarketPlace Farmers Market is located in Kenosha on Lake Michigan. This Farmers Market has plenty to offer families, pets, and single people. From cheese to flowers, vegetables, donuts, and even chips that are sure to please. A lot of places offer samples before taking the leap and committing to buy their product. The smells and the view of the lake makes the experience all worth while. I look forward to visiting the Harbor Marketplace every year! They have lots of great shops and variety of products to try. Also the fresh flowers are sold at a great price, and not to mention organic vegan dog treats! No complaints love this market. This open air market has grown with more vendors every year. Fresh produce & crafts all reasonably priced. Get there early because parking is a bit hard to find. With the new ban on dogs, I had to reduce my rating.  The market advertises as a European style market.  No market in Europe would ever ban dogs from the premise. I wish there was a 3.5 star rating. I always enjoy myself, but the dog ban was soured this event for me and I will be going less in protest. If you are not a dog advocate, the rest of my review stands. Finding new delights and old favorites. The produce, flowers, bakeries, food and beverage vendors and other merchandise is all worth looking over.  Days like today, in particular, in southeastern Wisconsin (mid 70's and low humidity) are so delightful to go walk around the market and harbor. However, I so enjoy going on a crisp fall morning as well. Love this place! Kenosha HarborMarket is beyond a habit in our household. It is a ritual, and a place that we go to enjoy sunny, breezy harbor-side surroundings where we can buy top quality locally grown and produced (a requirement for vendor participation), fruit, vegetables, flowers, plants, baked goods, cheese and meats. It also is a place where one may purchase artisan-produced goods; hand crafted scarves, jewelry, soaps, lotions, candles, even fine, master-craftsman hewn wooden bowls, pet accessories, whimsical birdhouses, bird feeders and garden ornamentation to name just a few; all very reasonably priced, and in some cases, negotiable.

HarborMarket also is a place where one may have something to eat, wander about and linger to listen to live musicians or take a few moments to visit with vendors to talk about their crops and products, about what they believe is of exceptional quality that day, what could stand to be better, and what you can expect over the upcoming weeks. Some vendors have sold at the HarborMarket for years, so they subsequently have developed a loyal customer following, and they care about the quality they offer to their loyal customers. This is not a flea market type farmer's market manned by transient vendors, who sell overstock items, cheaply made single use junk, and out-of-state produce that chain stores passed over a few days earlier. Product quality and vendor adherence to HarborMarket guidelines and quality standards are key here.

We have farmer markets in communities closer to our home. They are very nice, very convenient, but truth be told, none appear to be as well regulated, nor feature the number of vendors, nor variety and quality as HarborMarket does. None of them have comparable surroundings on a public square next to a scenic harbor on Lake Michigan that features old-fashioned, circa 1940-1950 streetcars, brightly colored lighthouses, beautifully planted and manicured garden beds, a teeming cooling fountain, benches and picnic tables, also where, just a few feet away, one may visit Kenosha's Natural History or Civil War Museum. That combination, fellow Yelpsters, cannot be rivaled. 

Suggestion: Make an effort to visit your local cash station before hitting the HarborMarket, since some vendors may not accept plastic or personal checks for for items that cost, $1, $2, $3, under $10 or so dollars.

Keep in mind that a term of vendor participation is that produce must be locally grown. So, if you note that tomatoes and sweet corn are not offered, know it is because it still is too early in the season for their harvest. As a result, the only produce that will be offered is at its height of freshness. I was very surprised at the size of the market and variety of items being sold. There are of course tons of fresh fruits & veggies, but also a lot of prepared foods being sold. 

I ate at an African food vendor, which I cannot remember the name of unfortunately. I got the goat curry and fresh juice - it was delicious. I was so glad that they accepted credit cards through Square, because I dropped by this market on a whim and didn't have any cash with me. Unfortunately a lot of other vendors only accepted cash so I didn't get to buy much else.

I was also very surprised at how busy the market was. I dropped by around noon on a Saturday, and it was bustling. There was barely any room to walk. 

One plus is a lot of vendors give samples, so you can try a lot of stuff in case you forgot your cash (like me). Overall I'm pretty impressed that this market is so thriving in Kenosha. Oh, and it is walking distance to Lake Michigan, so I just walked down to a picnic table by the Lake to eat my food. It was a really great way to spend an afternoon. Major highlights:
TASTING: My mom and I tasted several herbal teas, sweet buns, cheeses, organic salsas, apple butter, parmesan garlic crispy bread, kettle corn.. I'm sure there was more but it's 
EDUCATIONAL: After speaking with many of the friendly vendors I left much more knowledgeable about types of garlic, how paper beads are made, dying German glass, what happens to the market in the winter (it moves to a downtown theatre and only about 15 vendors can fit.)
VARIETY PACK: There were many different artists with their work for sale.  Many families selling fresh fruits, veggies, and herbs.  A man playing acoustic guitar.  Farm raised meats, jerky, and free range chicken.  Coffee, teas, hot dogs, snacks, dog treats, herbs and spices, even egg rolls.

We left with cilantro, Mexican bread, organic salsa, sticky bun, molasses cookies, and an ice coffee - I'd say a morning well spent.  Next time I'm in town it won't be so warm, but I'm interested to check out the winter indoor version as well - I bet they'll have some great locally grown and crafted holiday treats. I have not been yet but hope to attend the market in these upcoming weekends.  To check out the businesses and vendors visit their website.

The market runs every Saturday from 9 am until 2 pm, rain or shine.  It's located behind the Kenosha History Museum & Civil War museum (this is temporary until 2009, then it will return to the Place de Douai once the plaza reconstruction is complete).

A perfect way to enjoy the weather while it's nice out! My wife and I go each weekend during the summer.  Love all the fresh food and the fenders.  Everyone is friendly and helpful.  The continue to grow, and for the last year or so have been on both sides of the street.  Go and experience one of the good things that Kenosha has done. For a small area, this market is great!! The veggies are fresh and the African cuisine stand is amazing! The flowers are fresh and the crafts are original. What a wonderful place to go for an afternoon. As a customer I have really enjoyed bringing my daughter downtown Kenosha to attend the Harbor MarketPlace. The products and vendors have been really great - from the flowers to the food. Each spring and summer it's a highlight for me.

As a vendor, I've recently experienced a completely different side of this company. I recently applied to participate as a vendor, which was approved. I am a new business owner and was extremely excited to market my products at this location.

I received a letter today that explained that my approval was withdrawn because the credit card I used to apply was declined. I called immediately upon receiving the letter to explain that my credit card number was stolen and the card was cancelled. I was told that I wasn't really ever approved (even though I received a formal written letter stating my approval) and that I basically needed to get over it and move on. This is what I was told in so many words....

This communication and decision left me feeling as though as a customer and personal business owner I wasn't valued. There was no benefit of the doubt offered. If asked, I would've brought cash or a check to show that I was a serious and credible vendor. No such option was offered. I understand that some vendors may not be credible, but I'm not one of them.

I'm very sorry to say I don't think I'll be visiting this year or in the future. This is awesome and has a festival feel to it when outdoors. There is live music and tastings of various foods, drinks and sauces. Lots of amazing, delicious fresh local produce. Some of the shops take cards but most of the farmers and bakeries take cash only so don't forget that. Just had some of the tomatoes and they were AWESOME. My husband and I are definitely planning on becoming regulars. I finally made it to the market.. after many failed attempts. I only wish I would have brought more money! I walked out with a beautiful loaf of sourdough with asiago and peppercorns, some incredible croissants and a jar of raspberry jam. I was disappointed I wasn't able to take home some of the great cheeses or fresh eggs. I can't wait till it all moves outside and the fresh produce starts rolling in.  During the winter the market is inside the Rhodes theater downtown. My plants arrived within a few days of ordering.  Great condition...full thick roots in each fan.  I highly recommend buying from this grower. This place is awesome! Great plants .. great service and they can answer any questions you have about their plants! I'll be buying again from them this year too!!!!  If you love Day Lily's this is the place to get them. LOVE me a Farmer's Market. I have a bulls eye on my back that says SUCKER FOR FARMER'S MARKETS!!  I am quite the sucker for fresh produce from a Farmer's Market even though prices can be more expensive than Whole Foods!!  Just the idea of the array of fresh veggies and fruits makes me tingly and excited and my hairs stand up on my arms!!  

Anyway, this farmer's market is pretty small, but that had a fantastic variety of veggies.  Everything was fresh and hard, not soft and ready to rot.  They also have several vendors there, like a gourmet popcorn stand and a bakery.  WAIT did I tell you that I also am a HUGE HUGE sucker for fresh baked bread!!  HA, so I bought  a loaf of freshly made bread which tasted fantastic for sandwiches.  If they had more vendors this would degi  

They are open for business on Thursday afternoons and parking is easily accessible and close to the market just across from the train tracks.  

This double sucker for the word fresh will definitely be back!!  :P Wow, what a disappointing farmer's market. Kettle corn ($4 and $6), some veggies, strawberries ($6 pint!), cheese, zzz... very very small, expensive, and frankly, not worth traveling more than 4 blocks to get to. Not a bad market overall. It's a little small, especially if you're used to something like the Oak Park Market or Green City Market.  

They have various items - cheese, veggies, scarves, jewelry, baked goods, blueberries, meats, etc, etc. I'm sure it varies. I was a little disappointed today that the tomato sauce lady wasn't there, but c'est la vie.  Some of the green produce (lettuce, herbs) at at least one vendor was a bit wilted today, maybe it wasn't super fresh, or maybe it's because it's 96 degrees out.

Anyway, it's worth checking out. This farmers' market is pretty small.  They have a small selection of fruits and veggies, meats, Lake Michigan caught fish, bread, pastries and popcorn.  Some were selling jams/jellies, jewelry and there even was wine tasting!  Overall, it is cute, set in downtown Western Springs, a very lovely neighborhood.  It is pretty small; I don't think we will be back, unless we are in the area on Thursdays between 2pm-7pm. After visiting the running shoe store that did not carry my size in a motion control shoe, I wandered over to the market. 

Some of the produce looked good. Some was already spoiling or pretty beat up. So, like Stanley's in the burbs but outdoors. Prices ranged from regular farmer's market high prices to seeming values. There is a cheesemonger, someone selling popcorn, several bakeries, people selling preserves, jewelry vendors. If I missed anything, read the other review/ad. 

It is convenient to the train and downtown Western Springs. Parking was easy. 
I got a smiley face cookie. I love the people  who sell the Mirai corn.  That stuff is addictive and always delicious.  I have everyone hooked on it.  I usually frequent the Pampered Chef booth too.  I like to check out their new stuff without having to go to a show.  

Some booths are just okay which is why I gave a four star instead of five. I also like that I can get to it after work.  Many of the farmers markets are during the day or take away from my weekend plans.  This one is until 7:00 on Thursdays. Western Springs French Market is part of the Bensidoun Company, which began doing markets in France in the 1940's.  The Bensidoun Company now hosts 10-12 markets weekly- each one offering something unique to it's community.  Organic eggs, produce, pastries, and perennials as well as local talent- one-of-a-kind jewelry, photography, and paintings.  The Western Springs French Market is proud to have Jake's Meats- mentioned by Steve Dahl, local radio personality and resident of WS. The town has gone wild for their pork products and we had the smoked pork shops last night everyone is raving about and I agree! They're really yummy.   The great benefit to this market is that it takes place weekly from 2-7pm so it gives people an opportunity to catch it after work- directly from the train as the market is located just steps from the train station in Western Springs, 
Highly recommend this little gem of a market. I love arriving around 8-9am. They usually have a band and I like to sit down and watch them for a bit while enjoying some fresh juice from one of the vendors. The fruits and veggies are always nice and I grab a few tomatoes and grapes to last the week. I you can't beat the 10$ bouquet of flowers they are beautiful and last a good 1-2 weeks. Check out the flowers at the VERY END (EAST SIDE) Also the italian bread pizza!!!! Mario has had a stand for years and sells out right away!!! DELICIOUS!!! The veggie stand across from the flowers....PERFECT. Don't buy at the very beginning walk all the way down!!! If you give this market less than 5 stars you haven't experienced it all. I like coming to this Farmer's Market first thing when it opens at 7 a.m. on Saturday mornings. There are some vendors with coffee and breakfast items to help get the day going but it is also not as crowded and then I get first pick of anything!

This isn't a huge market but it has enough vendors to choose from. I feel some prices are higher than Whole Foods can be sometimes which is hard for me to justify purchasing (A small box of Michigan cherries for $9, and no they're not organic). Other things are super cheap though like sweet corn 3 for $2. Fruits and veggies are obviously seasonal but I feel there is always a great selection.

They have a stand to get your knives sharpened and I always mean to head over there since a friend of mine gets her knives done once every summer. They also have stands with some crafts, flowers, etc. I like to look at these stands but try so very hard not to succumb to spur of the moment purchases.

Definitely a fan and I will continue to come back! If ever there was a place to be on a Saturday morning in Downers Grove, Illinois this is definitely it. Residents come out by the carload to check out the offerings a'plenty. Local farmers display their beautiful produce and there's all sorts of delicious pastries and food offerings as well. Plenty to choose from for a quick breakfast or a full meal as you fill your bags with produce for the week. It's a wonderful place to gather and sets the pace for your weekend with a slow stroll through the market. 

I'm still getting the hang of this community vibe as we're trying to spend more and more time in our newly adopted town. 

But one thing that I think is worth noting is the prices. I understand the farmers are trying to make a living and it's great to support them, but you're going to pay 2-3 times what you would for produce at the supermarket. I nearly got farklempt when I saw a pint of blueberries for $6, sweet peppers for $3 each and tomatoes for $4. Ouch. 

It's a lovely gathering, and if you've got the cash great. But those of us who try and manage a budget may need to look elsewhere to buy our goods. Though I live in Naperville, I make the trek nearly every week-end to DG for their farmers market. Why? It's bigger, better and has a lot more variety when it comes to prepared stuff. You'll find great cheeses, olive oil and pickles, sausage, knife sharpening, nuns selling baked goods, beautiful flowers, as well as many vendors of produce, a lot of it from IL and MI. You really feel the seasons changing as the fruits change and corn moves along in favor of squashes. And my Saturday morning is not complete without my fresh lemonade and donuts ;) 

Overall, there's a great sense of community, and it's a good reason to get out on the week-end! Go support your local vendors and enjoy. This is probably where I will be every Saturday this summer. 

Downtown Downers Grove has so much to offer and this farmers market is a great addition. There are tons of stands with produce, arts and crafts, flowers, plants, on and on. There's definitely something for everyone. 

We arrived around 10 and you could tell some stands had been picked over, especially the flowers. We plan to get there earlier next time in hopes of a better selection, and I can't wait to go back. We cannot wait until this farmers market opens every May (closes in mid-October)! With more than 70 vendors, it's full of fresh fresh fruits & vegetable from several farms, cheeses, pork, beef, chicken, sausages, eggs, breads, french pastries, olive oils, snacks, fresh flowers and folks selling crafts.

We love Jake's Country Meats. Get the smoked porked chops! I insist! You will thank me. I also recommend the bacon, the lake trout and the whitefish. Tell Nate I sent you!

Hankering for authentic French pastries, but can't afford a trip to France? You need only to stop by the St. Roger Abbey booth (of the sisters of Fraternité Notre-Dame) to quiet your craving. However, If your desire is for pain au chocolat you must arrive EARLY! These delights sell out quickly. I also highly recommend the almond galette. It's my personal favorite.

Other products we buy: Yuppie Hill Poultry cage-free eggs and Hometown Sausage Kitchen French Country sausage. We LOVE the French Country sausage.

Many vendors take credit.

The Downtown Downers Grove Market is jointly sponsored by the Indian Boundary YMCA and the Village of Downers Grove and is open every Saturday (mid-May to mid-Oct) from 7:00 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. It's l ocated at the Downers Grove Main Street train station, South Parking Lot off Burlington Ave. The Market moves to another downtown location during Grove Fest in late June. There's plenty of street, lot, and garage parking. This is a really good farmers market.

Lots of great vendors and offerings. My favorites are Staff of Life and Jake's Country Meats. Hormone free, anti biotic free, grass fed, all the good buzz words make for a great product. The kid slinging fresh squeezed lemonade rocks.

Produce is abundant. They also have a cheese guy, a bread guy, spice mixes. Mostly all local stuff. Score!

The foodstuffs are on the outer aisles and the crafty stuff stands alone in the middle. 

Lots of parking. Terrible "farmer's market." I'm not sure how they get away calling it that. There was nothing more than a few stands selling boring art and photography of retirees. Definitely one of the best markets in the area! Knife sharpener, flowers, fruits, and veggies along with some craft items. There is a coffee place and a couple of places to buy breakfast if you care to eat and browse. The flowers I got here lasted over a week. The corn is delicious! Lots of the fruit and veggies are from around the Midwest so it's fresh, but it's not exactly cheap ($6 strawberries, $5 blueberries). Nevertheless, this is my "go to" farmers' market! I love farmer's Markets and this is one awesome farmer's Market! Much bigger than I thought it would be and I loved the breakfast sandwich stands and fresh lemonade stand. I was hoping there would be more flowers/plants but there were still a good variety. Great place to be on a Saturday morning! I seriously love the DG Farmer's Market. It's by far one of my favorite places to go to pick up local art, organic fruits and veggies, grass-fed beef, and free range chicken.

I absolutely adore the mini loaves of bread made at Staff of Life Bakery and Farms. Especially the Dilly Bread. So-freaking-good. That shit is like crack. Thinly sliced and toasted with a little butter....swooooon. 

Jake's Country Meats is another must stop. Pasture raised, anti-biotic free pork is the name of their game. And flavor wise, it shows. They have some of the best bacon around. It's flat out amazing and comes in a variety of smoked flavors. Their honey ham or BBQ flavored pork sticks are to die for. They make a Slim Jim look like dog food. ((Yes, occasionally I think a SJ is fairly tasty)). And for you fish lovers they also sell frozen great lakes fish such as Whitefish, Lake Trout, Walleye, Perch, and Smoked Fish.

The DG Farmer's Market also has a great selection of fruits and veggies, products from local shops, homemade canned products ((BBQ sauce, salsa, apple sauce...)), local artists, fresh breads, fresh cheeses, and a plethora of other fantastic goods. 

A recommendation - get there early. The market is only open til 12:30 to 1:00ish, so for the best selection of goodies try not to arrive when they're shutting down. 
...and make sure to grab a dilly bread and pack of bacon on your way out! The Farmer's Market is as good as it gets. But, like most farmer's markets, many things are unnecessarily over-priced. 

Here are my favorites:

1. Lemon Tree offers some really delicious breakfast. Bring an appetite
2. The knife sharpening guy (who is not there every week) is very good but over-priced IMHO.
3. The cheese guy has some really interesting and unique cheeses. But, they too are  a little pricey.

I am not a cheapskate, but when I compare what I pay for knife sharpening, gourmet cheeses or fresh produce I know I am paying more. For me, it is sometimes worth it since it is convenient. The DG Farmer's Market is one of the reasons I love living in DG so much. The prices may be higher than some grocery stores, but what you get is so much fresher and better for you. Some of my favorite items are Ari's flowers (12 gorgeous, supremely fresh long-stemmed roses for $18), the Cheese People (try the gouda with nettles--OMG so good!), and the fresh baked breads and pastries. Any of the produce vendors are good choices and their selections of fruits and veggies are incredible. Next, I want to try the meat vendor as I've heard great things.

Go, enjoy some live music and buy some delicious goodies. It's a fantastic way to spend a Saturday morning! What a beautiful farmer's market with a wide array of products!  The produce and flowers were beautiful.  There were food vendors and lots of interesting non-food spots.  I found plenty of easy parking available across the tracks. I absolutely am in LOVE with this farmer's market.  Every Saturday I head here super early and gobble up plenty of fresh fruits and veggies to last me all week.

I've gotten amazing strawberries, peaches, blueberries, raspberries, watermelon.... and everything is ripe, locally grown, and delicious.  The blueberries are some of the best I've ever had.  

There is every veggie imaginable, and it's been fun creating new meals out of all the local, fresh produce.  Plus, I can easily fill up a bag with about $7.00 worth of veggies.  Sweet, huh?

And to those peeps who say "it's overpriced blah blah blah" .... Fine.  Leave the goodness for me.    Go to Wal-mart or Jewel and buy pesticide ridden, crappily imitated fruits and veggies that are shipped from three countries away.  Don't support farmers whose livelihood depends on their local neighbors.  Go ahead and keep on supporting factory farms that are ruining our environment... Ignorance is bliss.

But hey, I do understand some of the stuff is pricey.  But you DO get what you pay for.  I paid $5 for a carton of strawberries and they were the sweetest, ripest, yummiest berries... which we devoured in a day.  THAT GOOD.  Was it worth the money? Hell yes.  And next week I went back for more and they were already out of season.  (tear tear)  I moped for at least an hour.  And then bought ripe, wonderfully juicy peaches instead.  

I love it.  It's in a wonderfully quaint area downtown, and there are coffee and tea shops all around- plus, the people watching is always a good time.  

A fun way to start the weekend.  There are plenty of other stands to peruse- everything from  flowers, pies, and jewelry to meat and salsas and more. Definitely worth the stop at least once. One of the better local farmer's markets. More crafts, arts, and food than most. If you like a farmer's market and live within 10 miles of this place, you should pick a weekend visit. Nice selection but a bit pricey.ARRIVE EARLY,later in day its crowded. Farmer's markets are fun and you do get to sample local vendor's product.  But seriously, do you really believe locally grown can provide produce in May?  The produce comes from the same wholesalers that deliver to Jewel, Mariano's and others.  Yes, they're fun and everything does taste better outside.  The only thing I believe is locally grown so early in summer are the berries.  Local fruit trees are still budding in May.  Really?!? Farmers markets are my favorite place to shop for groceries.  Shopping feels less like a chore when I am outdoors enjoying the summer weather.  The DG market is my go-to market.  It is fairly large and has a good selection of items allowing me to get most of what I need for the week there.  The market has vendors selling vegetables, fruit, meat, eggs, cheese, bakery goods (from bread to pies to donuts), coffee, knife sharpening, flowers, crafts, and home items.   The vegetables are reasonably priced, especially if you shop what is in season.  The meat is more expensive than at the grocery store, but it is worth it to me to buy from local farms that raise happy cows, pigs, and chickens.  While I think the market is great, my wish list would include a farmer that sells a larger variety of chicken products, and also a veggie farmer that grows more unique vegetables.  I realize that this cannot be Green City Market and that I'm out in the 'burbs, but a girl can hope right?

The market can get crowded.  Make sure that you arrive with a positive attitude or the people bumping into you because they are looking at the booths and not paying attention to where they are going may become annoying.  

Make plans to go next Saturday, and bring cash.  Leave your pup at home, dogs are not allowed in the market area. Decent farmer's market, modest in size with a serviceable array of goods.  It would rate as merely satisfactory, but I have to bump half a star just for being open on Sundays.  There are numerous Saturday markets but the Sunday roster is thin.  

Some of the produce vendors are quite robust, some strangely meager.  Some offer samples; some don't even post prices.  You should find quality examples of pretty much anything you seek.  The better booths will be obvious after a quick survey.

Non-produce:  two bakeries, one focused on sweets and one on high-end breads; That Pickle Guy (seriously, some of the best pickles anywhere); a salsa vendor; a cheese vendor; a brown egg vendor.  The ubiquitous River Valley Ranch is on hand for all of your mushroom needs.

Prepared foods:  tamales, crepes, and that Amazing Kale Burger outfit. Well, it's important to support your locals...I wish this market opened earlier in the season. Usually I do this market and 2 others weekly.  But Skokie's is convenient, has easy parking and, such friendly vendors. It's a good reason to wake up early on Sunday morning and head on out. Skokie's Farmers Market is conveniently located in the parking lot and on the east lawn of the library, and the real draw is that it's open on Sundays.

They're not as big as Evanston's, yet they have a good selection of flowers, produce, miscellaneous spices, salsas, hand made soaps and clothing and jewelry vendors, although the prices are a bit high.

We went today hoping for made to order crepes due to it being French themed in honor of Bastille Day, but the line was far too long. We also wanted to try the kale burgers, but we'll do that another time. 

It's a fun place to walk around and I love that it's open into the fall. Yeah it is pretty small but prices are reasonable, it's right outside my back door practically, and ur supporting local businesses. You can do a huge portion of ur grocery shopping here. There is one lady that makes the best apple strudel. Find her. You won't regret it. Small market & NOT ONE organic vendor. Oh, excuse me. Organic bread. Whoop de doo. That can be purchased anywhere besides, I'm interested in produce. One vendor said they're non GMO....
I won't be back. Why? Shoot down to the Evanston Farmer's Market. It's definitely worth it & it doesn't disappoint. I'll never come back here. No reason to return. I'm sadly disappointed. Market is smaller than most in the area, but you can find pretty much everything you need. The have several different fruit and vegetable stands that offer a wide variety of local fruits and veggies. The prices are a little high but comparable to what you would see at other markets.  There is one larger veggie stand that has pretty good deals compared to the others,  not sure the name of it but it is one of the first tents if you enter from oakton.  I like buying a box of jalapeños for only a dollar you get 5/6 good for cooking or freezing and using later. They also offer a wide variety of prepared foods to eat while there such as a kale burger place, Mexican and crepes. I have tried something from each of them and they are all very tasty. I enjoy going there Sunday to have a freshly prepared breakfast!  Aside from the prepared food and fruit and vegetable stands they also have a good salsa stand, several bakeries a meat and cheese place and a few others as well. Nice market Wow what an unfriendly markets. Kids are allowed but no dogs. My dog is my kid. Such a sad place Great small farmers market and one of the few open on Sunday. We purchased a potted tomato and cucumber plant for our patio, sampled and bought delicious strawberries and enjoyed a lemon, berry and ricotta crepe along with fresh mango on a stick with spices. Delicious!  There were some young men playing stringed instruments, it was a gorgeous morning and everyone we met was very friendly. This is a great farmers market. And when I say "great" I mean it is filled with characters. I swear there should be a circular about all the behind the tables things that are talked about and done there. The guys at M&D are always joking with their customers and yelling "DON"T SHUCK THE CORN!" and Tony the knife sharpener is a force of nature. The Pickle Guy says the word "muffalata" about 77,000 times a day and it never gets old. There's plenty to choose from produce-wise and the best extras are the saffron at the spice truck, the jalapeno honey from the Honey guy that comes a few times a year and Katic breads are unreal and always sell out. The cheese girl is always up to something hilarious as well and has delicious cheese.  Come to Skokie! This is a relatively small farmers market, but the selection is very good. Flowers, bread, honey, cheese, a knife sharpener that uses pedals his own grinding stone and fresh produce. I come every Sunday and find delicious items to bring back home. If the parking lot is full, you can park in bank lot right next door. It's convenient and worth waking up early. This farmers market has gone downhill for me in the last few years.  Where it originally focused on fresh produce, cheese, and one or two "specialty" booths, now its mostly people selling salsa, or pastry, or jam.  Eh, that stuff is OK, but it shouldnt be the main attraction.  

The one cool thing is the knife guy.  He sharpens everything, from scissors to knives to lawn mower blades, right there and god save me is it cheap.  Its something like $3.50 for a knife.  I have a 10" chef's knife and man is that a good deal.  

Prices here are decent, but you arent going to find any exotic produce here.  The most unusual thing you will see is maybe a pattypan squash.  I like the cheese booth but they tend to be irritating by not labeling anything or putting out prices.  So you are forced to stand there and say "so whats this?  what kind is this?  and how much is this?"  Gah!

Someone would make a killing if they opened a booth selling coffee or some other drinks there.  You have to wait about a half hour for the knife guy and there is NOTHING open in downtown Skokie on a Sunday morning.  It probably would help the sales in all those pastry booths too. This is a really great farmer's market. Lots of great produce stands. Farmers from all over Michigan, Illinois, and Wisconsin come to this farmer's market. One of my personal favorite stands at this farmer's market is the knife guy name Tony. If you have any dull knifes that need to be sharpened Tony does a great job at a fairly good price. The only reason why this market lost a star is the parking situation. The parking lot is very small and it is hard to find places. My suggestion is to get here early, because late in the afternoon the market fills up. I checked this out yesterday for the first time after the Glenview one did not have the stand selling spinach there yesterday.  Wow!!! was I pleasantly surprised.  Its much bigger than the other farmers markets I have been to in the 'burbs.  We loaded up on peaches (and I really mean loaded up, we bought a 1/4 bushel), spinach and cheese.  Beware of the cheese though, my wife bought a big slice, but it was about $7.  They also have vendors selling mushrooms, fresh flowers, a couple of bakeries and a knife sharpener.  The atmosphere is great.  As you would suspect in Skokie, they had a great cross section of attendees. 

Skokie's Farmer's Market is open every Sunday from late June to October. Conveniently located in the parking lot between the Village Hall and Skokie Public Library, the Market features produce of all descriptions, bread and cheese, flowers, crafts, and more. all the food looks really good, but i can never afford to buy  any, i REALLY only go to Listen to Eddie Covarrubias when he plays and sings with his piano, and thats only a few days every year. buy some food, sit down, have a few bites and listen to him. HE WAS SUPPOSED TO PLAY  IN OCTOBER 2016, BUT HE GOT RAINED OUT.i will let you know when he reschedules. fresh vegatables from local family farms.....whats not to like?  well a few things.....not many vendors at all....15 tops and most selling crafts....but the few veggie places were pretty good on prices, though low on selection......

20 jalapenos ......a basket of cayenne peppers for a buck....good deal.....green, red, orange and yellow bell peppers 25 cents a piece... some Indiana watermelons.....michigan peaches...tomatos...

but nothing out of the ordianary....

its green chile season so i was hoping for some new mexico or anaheim peppers but was left empty.....

a couple vendors selling food, but if im going to pay $5 for an italian beef or $2.25 for a taco....i'll sit in a/c comfort in a restaurant :-)

i got some good fresh veggies but i wish they had more to offer....i will be checking out other places before i go back here I've been shopping here for years and the staff is always courteous and helpful.  25 cents per pound of bananas,  69-89 cents per pound tomatoes when they are like $2.69/lb. in your local grocers.  Sometimes the food they have is ORGANIC(if that matters to anyone.)  Their prices rarely change- if they do, it's only by cents.  I LOVE IT!!!  I don't understand why its marked with 2 dollar signs because food here is super inexpensive...plus, every so often they hook you up with free food (I guess if stuff isn't flying off the shelf it's best to give away than let food go to waste.)  It's sad to see anything less than 5 stars for this place.  I have saved sooo much money shopping here!  If you think a mistake had been made on your order, then it would be kind to ask them to re-ring it instead of running home to write a nasty review when it was probably an honest mistake...but you'll never know because you don't give people a chance, you just suspect and judge.  Ask for a receipt! I always do, and they always oblige:)  God bless! Always fun to discover what Mark has! I like variety and surprise. Staff are wonderful and like their customers. EAT MORE VEGGIES!! Vegetables and Fruits are fresh.   Never know what to expect.  Prices are good.

Sometimes, it appears that a person is getting over charged because there are no receipts.  It would be nice to have the cashier announce each items price as it is being entered into the cash register.  Currently, one just hears a final Total Amount.  Customers should receive an itemized total for the items.   Recently, went home and added up the items and felt the amount paid was to much.
 
Cannot give a higher rating because of the no receipt policy Rendleman Orchard's Farm Market is one of my favorite places to visit when I'm in Southern Illinois. Their fresh produce is absolutely delicious and their staff are helpful and very friendly. 

During peach season they have yummy fresh peach smoothies. If you like peaches, these are a must-try. However, my favorite season to visit is autumn when they have fresh apple cider slushies and homemade apple cider donuts. I will drive miles out of my way to get one of those slushies; they are that good. 

I enjoy browsing their store. In addition to fresh produce you can find salsas, jams, syrups, sauces and specialty treats. They have unique food items that make wonderful gifts. Their Limited Edition flavored honey butters have impressed many of my guests, and their sugar free apple butter syrup was also a big hit at my house. 

I highly recommend this place! No fall in Carbondale is complete without a visit to the orchard.

Rendleman is a cute little store that has a wide variety of offerings. Of course, they have apples and peaches, depending on the season with cut samples out for you to try the different varieties. They also have cider, available in gallons, half-gallons, or adorable little sippy cups. They also have apple cider slushies available for $1.99- definitely get one. They're refreshing and super delicious. They have more flavors than apple cider available, including peach, blackberry, and blueberry. 

They have a small refrigerated section that has cold ciders and pops, as well as meat sticks, bacon, and cheese curds. I wish they carried more inventory though. Last time we went, they were sold out of cheese curds. This trip, there was only one bag left and they were cajun flavored. Curds are hard to find out here, so I was bummed that there once again weren't any. 

There's also a wide variety of sauces, dips, syrups, spreads, and candies. There's a cute, rustic feel to the place, and it's charming. There's also a display of treats for your pets.

The one thing I always get when I visit here is the apple cider donuts. They come in your choice of a full dozen, a half dozen ($5.29) or by the each for $.89. They have a really good apple flavor, and they definitely symbolize the coming of fall.

I do think a lot of the stuff here (not including the actual fresh fruit) is overpriced. More than once I looked at a jar of something and put it back. College budgets can't allow for $12 spreads. Everything looks and sounds delicious though, so it would probably be worth it. We expected the market/storefront at Rendleman's to have a large selection of items made at the orchard, or at least in the local area.  The shelves were stocked with things like jams, salsas, and pasta sauces, but they appeared to be made at a factory somewhere and labeled with a Rendleman sticker.  There were no baked goods using orchard grown fruits either, which we were hoping for.  It would be quicker to go to the grocery store in your home town. Dropped in here for a little family treat....and it was just that, a treat!   Great goodies, beautiful produce from their orchard. We bought some apple butter, cider and cider donuts. Haven't tried the apple butter but the cider and donuts are delicious! We wanted to try a cider slushy but found out they only have it on the weekend....maybe incentive to come back in a couple days? I'm a big fan of Rendleman's and have always gotten delicious fruits and products from here practically year round! We just stopped there on our way to Carbondale from Memphis to pick up 2 pecks of free stone peaches. I also got their no sugar added applesauce which is my favorite applesauce. Today I also tried the apple butter and their lemon cheesecake fruit dip. They have cold bottled soda as well! What a great treat outside of the MCA. I usually opt for Gayles Best Grilled Cheese Sandwich or a savory crepe. They have a good amount of fresh produce and have bought many apples that I've used in apple pies. The flowers change throughout the summer into fall. The vendors are very friendly and knowledgeable.  Once you get your lunch or produce, you can sit on the MCA steps and do some people watching. This Farmers Market is run by the Streeterville Organization of Active Residents (SOAR).  It should correctly be called the "SOAR Farmers Market at MCA."

The Details:
Location-Museum of Contemporary Art Plaza which is in front of the museum itself
Dates:  Tuesdays June 5-October 30, 2018
Times:  7am-2pm

A substantial and diverse farmers market with fresh fruits and vegetables, plants, a cheese stand, a soup stand, flowers, and an incredible fresh baked artisan bread stand!

The local Alderman also has a table there.

A real gem that not many people know about....will not disappoint!

FYI-SOAR also does all of the plantings and up keep of the gardens at the Lake Shore Park down the street!  Amazing organization!  Thank you for keeping the neighborhood a neighborhood that everyone can enjoy and be a part of. Our city markets are always amazing. Depending on the day of the week you can find a market in a neighborhood.

I like this market because it is located directly in front of the Museum Of Contemporary Art on Tuesdays. Just off Michigan Avenue you can find all that local farms have to offer.

The vendors are varied and very friendly. The crepes are a nice treat while shopping for healthy veggies & fruit.

Street parking near by and bring cash. The food s yummy and the flowers are beautiful! Picked up some incredible soup today. Always something new! The prettiest farmers market in the city ! Really enjoy the fresh farmers produce and baked goods on Tuesday. What a great addition to the north Michigan Avenue experience Tuesday is a jam packed day of activities for the MCA.

Farmer's Market, free admission for Illinois residents, and Tuesdays at the Terrace (free jazz music with a great buffet set up for $25/person).

I love picking up a tamale with portabella mushroom salsa and parking it on the steps of the MCA as I people watch.  I've picked up full gorgeous bouquets from one of the stands to brighten up the house on occasion.  Bring cash! Disclaimer: You are reading a review of a Farmer's Market by a girl who spends quite a bit of time in the Metro Phoenix area, but I enjoyed many aspects this market. Plus, you can't beat the location - steps from Michigan Avenue, with contemporary art interspersed among the tents.

I tend to mostly dine out in the city, but I can always go for some fresh peaches and mushrooms and it's not too much trouble to cook up an ear of corn! 

I arrived here at 7:15 when some vendors were still setting up - others (flowers courtesy of "North Wichert Gardens") were already sending the earliest of risers on their merry newly acquired fresh flowery way! (me included ~ see pic!) 

There's even a vendor offering made to order crepes in case you want a treat on the spot.  I found there was a decent selection of fresh and packaged items and everyone was pleasant. What a joyous way to begin a Chicago Tuesday. 

PS ~ Nearby street parking: on Pearson or Chicago Ave (FREE until 8am)

PSS - When I met up with a friend at Lake Shore Park, we decided to go back for more ~ the pic shows all my loot! They have a Farmers Market right outside the museum every Tuesday in the summer! They had so much stuff. A ton of fresh fruits and vegetables, few lunch stands, and some drink tables. Such a great idea. You can get some fresh produce and have lunch on the museum steps. Great change of scenery! If you are Streeterville area, this is a great market to check out.

This morning to early afternoon market is just couple blocks east of Michigan Avenue so it is very convenient to visit before work or during your lunch time,  The market has certainly grown from the past years.

The market is good amount of vendors selling local grown veggies and fruits.  I will say, this market has one of the best flower selections.

The prices are comparable for being in the loop area.  I can find better deals in various neighborhoods. Love love love Farmer's Market.  They're open every Tuesdays in the morning until 3pm? from Memorial week until the end of October. Great place to buy gorgeous fresh bouquets and in the Fall, pumpkins and squash.  The crepes stand is very popular.  Sometimes I just stand near it to smell the wonderful aroma of the crepes as they're being made.  If I'm not browsing and buying flowers, I'm usually sitting on the steps of the MCA and eating my lunch/people-watching. What a nice little market this is! Yes, it is small, but they have just about everything. I went looking for a mix of mushrooms, and I was also hoping for some planted herbs--so much easier to grow your own than buy them every time. 
I went on my way to work, so close to their closing time and they still had both things I was looking for. And a lot more, so I spent a little time just browsing everything.
I blanched a little bit at the cost of the mushrooms, but then I got them home and got a good look at the quantity and quality and realized what a good deal I had gotten!
Will definitely return when I have a some extra time to look around at everything This was an unexpected treat for me when I went to go to the Museum of Contemporary Art. At first I was wondering if I was lost or not in the right place until I saw the towering steps of the Museum and realized ... this IS the right place.

The market has tons of fresh produce and for those nay-sayers ... this is in the middle of the city, in the middle of what I would call the financial district of the city ... for you to be able to find this kind of market here is rarer than other farmer's markets in Chicago. Plus it's nice to grab a small fresh snack right before entering the museum or while on your way out of it. It's extremely convenient and the vendors are so nice!

It's a great stroll if you're planning to visit the museum anyway. My supervisor told me about this farmers market last year, and I've been here every Tuesday (that it's there) ever since. My love for farmers markets sprouted from visiting farmers markets in Santa Cruz, California, and ever since, I've always been on the look out for farmers markets wherever I go. I mean, you've gotta love organic vegetables. 

There isn't much of a selection, that's true, but you gotta keep in mind that this is Chicago, not California. There's plenty of corn and flowers, that's for sure. 

This year, Saigon Sisters sells Vietnamese sandwiches and spring rolls here. It's about the only time of the year AND location close to work that I get to have my Vietnamese sandwiches for lunch. I think that makes it that much more special for me, even if I do have to pay twice as much as I usually would. 

The fruits and vegetables are fresh though. I love getting fresh produce that are in season. Oh, and it's the perfect opportunity for me to use my Yelp tote bag. ;) I just stumbled upon the MCA Farmers Market after a showing. It's humid as all get out today which may explain the sparse attendance. 
There isn't much of a selection. Maybe it's the time of year? 

The flowers looked beautiful! Although $$$$ I scored some super sweet and succulent little strawberries ($3 half pint) and fresh eggs ($5 a dozen)! If you have never had eggs right from the farm there is a HUGE difference. Try it! The best use of this huge, open plaza in the shadow of the John Hancock Center since this particular outside installation there: http://tinyurl.com/3tcs3u8

It's ideal for foot traffic moving from all directions in this busy strip, with people going between Chicago Avenue and Pearson Street, and a very pleasant park to the west. Plenty of CTA bus stops nearby as well.

On my last visit, I sampled a small container of Nancy Silver's delightful rhubarb-creme fraiche sherbet at the Snookelfritz table (http://www.snookelfritz.com/) and bought a "buy-3-get-4" special from dried fruit and nuts purveyor, Lehman's Orchard. I wanted very much their cinnamon flavored dried apple slices, so went for the dried cranberries, and two mixes of fruit with nuts as well. A friendly Grant Wood-inspired couple from Niles, Michigan were at the table (http://www.lehmansorchard.com).

There are a half-dozen more merchants here selling fresh veggies, fruit, fresh cut flowers, cheeses, and baked goods. It's all the good stuff you won't find on the Mag Mile, just steps away. Support the small farmer and handmade products. They're your neighbors. Today was the last day for this market till next year. I have gone every Tuesday for my fix of fruits and veggies. It is a small market, but the prices are way better than Lincoln Park's Green City Market. 

I love the cashew butter and apple cider from Lehman's Orchard and the stand in the south corner had the LARGEST cantaloupes and summer squashes I have ever seen!!! 

I actually don't know what I am going to do with myself on Tuesdays at lunch... How lucky am I to live within blocks of the MCA neighborhood market.  I wish I could give it 4.5 stars but I'll settle for 5.  There are several vegetable stands, 1-2 flower shops, a cheesemonger, breadman (from Naperville), several bakeries, and each year something new and different.  This year was the crepes, which were a welcome addition for the Children's staff due to the relocation.  Overall, this is a wonderful stop for the neighborhood.  It is a Tuesday staple...just wish the weather could sustain it all year! Every Tuesday morning in summer I wake up and realize "HEY! It's Farmer's Market Day!" and I rush off to work just in time to get the first lineup of fruits and veggies. I work at the MCA, so it's such a delight to be just steps away from yummy foods and sweet smelling flowers. 

Everything is super fresh and CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP! I love the lady who brings in the rice wrapped in grape leaves or the farm that makes its own peanut butter from cashews. The sweetest lady brings in pies, cakes, and other treats for not much money either. Flowers (either potted or picked) can be grabbed up by the bunch for less than $20...I admit I debated to buy a nicely potted calla lily for only $6, but realized I had no place to put it. My boyfriend loves the pickled mushrooms I pick up for him and the cheese table is to die for. Last year one stand had fresh duck eggs on sale. Yes, I said duck eggs. I didn't buy any, but you know...in case anyone was wondering...

I love this Farmer's Market. Everyone is friendly, welcoming, and will answer all your food/flower/cheese/cooking questions. Trust me, I've asked some stupid questions before, and I've got nothing but the most helpful and sincere answers. YAY! One stand has vegan strudel, and other pastries with clearly labeled ingredients.  Otherwise a pretty standard (and good) green market. :Meh, I've experienced better." is spot on.  

The fruits and vegetables and even flowers just don't seem as good as say, the Division street farmers market, for some reason. (Even though some of the same vendors are at both; maybe it's the Tuesday crew...?)  I've gone here for a few years now and just always walk away disappointed. 

I was there yesterday and was buying about $20 worth of fruit from Smith's and a man only wanted to buy a pint of blueberries. I knew just what I wanted and was fast about it:  as the girl bagged my last item, I asked for the next, quick-like.  This guy is really close behind me, shuffling his feet & huffing and puffing; then the girl keeps looking at him sympathetically and says "I'm sorry, I'll be right with you."  EXCUSE ME!! I'm spending $20, he's spending $2.50 and you're irritated with me for taking your time???? Not ot mention, there was no one else at their tables when I walked up, so it seemed perfect timing to get a bunch of stuff.  Sorry dude! Thanks Smiths, but no thanks... I'll wait until Thursday for the Daley Plaza Farmer's Market... This is the Schaumburg farmers market which is tiny but mighty.

The official location is by trickster gallery but strictly speaking it tends to flow around and past that space. Generally speaking there is tons of non gallery parking available. Pretty much anywhere you'd use to park at the nearby library or that parking lot where Dominick's used to be.

This is one of the smaller farmers markets around with less then a half dozen food stalls and perhaps a dozen booths selling food. Having said that you can get everything a typical household will need grocery wise as there will be local food crafters-hummus, cheese, bakers,  local jams and oils along with meat and vegetable stalls. The meat truck is not a rancher-but he does deal directly on  weekly basis with the farmer/ranchers who provide his goods. Thus only one step removed from the source and he is very knowledgeable about the stuff he sells. One of the baked goods suppliers is an abbey which means you will be buying from nuns. Say what you want about nuns but they have a single minded steadfast approach to old school styles of preparing foods. Their old world rye is a masterpiece of baking, as are some of the french pastries(the abbess was Belgian originally. Her family ran a bakery back home. She knows what she is doing.)

There is upon occasion unremarkable local music and there can be booths about the local gardening club, the library association,  the Schaumburg Park District and other local service type things. 

Generally speaking even though this is not an extensive farmers market, it is an extraordinarily wonderful  source of high quality super tasty food items. Although there still seems to be some empty and abandoned places at this site from when this was originally built,  there are amenities here make it a good local destination for all.

The Friday Farmers Market is one of my favorite markets in the NW burbs. Strong anchors here, like Schaumburg Township District Library, Oberweis dairy, Bonefish restaurant and Trickster Gallery make this area unique and inviting. 

I've been here to walk our dogs, listen to a concert and even take photos on the well-groomed, scenic area around the pond.

This was once a hot scene when the Pokemon craze was in full swing and you could find people of all ages walking around while glaring at their mobile devices.

Although I wish there were more dining and activitie to choose from here, it is still a nice place to come for a brisk walk, even into the late Fall and Winter months.

Always plenty of close parking (for cars or bikes) available here too. This is a small but nice farmer's market.  I'm very sad to see that the french man who sold olives, pita and dips is not there this year.  That was my main reason for going.  His blue cheese stuffed olives and pita were AMAZING!  Everything is pricey but typical for a farmer's market.  When available, the heirloom tomatoes are terrific (sold at the largest veggie stand).  The crepery is WAY overpriced.  The fresh lemonade is fantastic as well.  I also love the giardinera & muffuletta mix from The Pickle Guy. Schaumburg has the best Farmer's Market I've seen in the Chicago suburbs. Located in the Trickster Gallery parking lot, the place is always packed with a variety of vendors: veggies, fruit, cheese, breads, cakes, eggs, meat, spices, sauces, honey, coffee, a vegan breakfast food stand, and more. Gotta Bee Crepes usually makes an appearance (with a very long line for amazing, fresh crepes) and the knife sharpener is fun to watch. Most most other markets just have Tupperware tables and artisan craft booths -- you won't find that here. It's a real market with real food. I can fill my kitchen with the goods available here, and I often did. 

The only bummer is that the market is open on Friday mornings, which means people who work weekday jobs are unable to attend. Fortunately for me, that wasn't an issue. Whew! Great small town touch!  Relaxing time, with great options.  Outstanding blueberries,  cherry butters,  freshmade flavored hibiscus tea, made to order crepes,  French pastries,  organic meats,  etc.  Highly recommend! I love this place. It's no Portland or Boulder, it's a small parking lot in the Chicago suburbs, but set your expectations right and you'll be happy you came.

Highlights:
Fresh fruit and vegg
Pickles (OMG HI!$*^#$)
Bruschetta (rumor is, there's a second guy who sells Bruschetta now, and one is slightly better and cheaper than the other -- info provided by the Bruschetta Expert aka my mum)
Flowers (so pretty, but they'd die sitting in my car for hours before I go home)


Keep walking:
Crepes -- they're crayp. And overpriced. Overpriced crap? No, thanks.


I wasn't sure where to file the dog treat stand. The products are super cute, but none of our three dogs would touch them after a brief sniff. For how much they cost (Yelp: $$$$), that hurt.

Parking is by Bonefish Grill, and I also love seeing how many people come up to Bonefish's doors and try to open them to have lunch.. haha. Never fails to make me smile inside. This little piggy really enjoys Schaumburg's farmer's market. There's a mix of farmers with fresh produce, flowers, cheese, olives, meats/eggs, bakeries, and specialty canned fruits and honey. Additionally, there are numerous stands that sell food made to order at the market. A lot of characters there that, if they're not too busy, are fun to engage. Oh, and the French nuns from the Abbey are there with their baked goods too! It's an experience, not just a great place to get farm fresh produce and artisanal foods. What more could anyone ask for? I've been to the Farmer's Market a few times now. It's a bit strange that it's on Friday mornings which I'm sure is a bit inconvenient to most Schaumburg residents. However, for me, it's right on my way to tanning on Fridays during my lunch hour. :)

They have some great crepes for about $7 at one stand with a super outgoing and friendly fellow manning the stand. Most stands have very friendly workers willing to tell you all about their products. I picked up some cheese curds and have to note they weren't the best I've ever had. Wah wah. I'm a huge cheese fan and cheese curds are a weakness for me. The ones sold here just didn't do it for me. The farmer's market has a good variety of stands but not as vast a selection as most other markets I've been to.

The parking lot can be a bit crazy but I never have an issue finding a spot. It's located in the Trickster Gallery parking lot. Sad to hear that Tony the Knife Sharpener Guy has passed away! Such a sweet man. Tony you will b missed! 
From the Daly Herald 4/16/16
Did you know that Tony the knife sharpener man from Schaumburg Farmer's Market passed away? 
ANTONIO "TONY" DURANTE
SCHAUMBURG - Antonio "Tony" Durante, 71, of Schaumburg for 25 years. Born in Pietracupa (Campobasso) Italy, he peacefully passed away at his home on April 13, with his family by his side. Tony was the owner of Tony's Sharpening Service. He was the beloved husband of Christine F. (nee Bavolek) for 22 years; loving father of Zara Durante (Derek Maass), Laura (Mark) Kojak, and Bernardo (Angela) Durante; devoted brother of Maria (Ralph), the late Domenico, Pasqualino, Armando, and Giulio; dear grandfather of Tina (Michael) Consentino, Nicky Rogers, Julian Maass, Allison, Lizza, Caden, Lexi Kojak, and Massimo Durante; and cherished great-grandfather of Mia. A memorial service will be held on May 21, at 9:30 a.m. at Church of the Holy Spirit, 1451 Bode Rd., Schaumburg. For information, 847-640-0566 or grovememorialchapel.com. Five stars. Good food. There's more to eat there now. No option for people on Link. I try to go every Friday and it is one of the best things in Schaumburg. I've been going to this farmers market for a few years now. It's a highlight of my Fridays, because it's the closest market that Nichols Farm & Orchard attends. Love, love, LOVE going to their booth and finding all sorts of things you don't find anywhere else. They grow a wide variety of heirloom tomatoes, apples, and pears (obviously available seasonally) that you can't find anywhere else. Other fruits and vegetables, too. All their produce is top quality as well. Last year, there were these heirloom French cantaloupes that were seriously some of the most ridiculously delicious fruit ever. I bought three -- one for me, one for the people at work, and one for a friend who was having a party. Everyone raved about them. 

There's other great stuff about this market, too -- Tony's Knife Sharpening Service is fantastic, and I love watching the man sharpen my knives. If you have lawnmower blades, he'll sharpen those, too -- but he has to take them back to the shop with him so he can balance them, so you'll have to wait a week to get them back. Plan ahead with your mowing!

There are pickles, cheeses, local meat, poultry, and eggs, honey -- all sorts of good things to be found at this small market. What I really love is that it's not one of those markets that has all sorts of crafts and Tupperware and such, like many "farmers markets" have become. Nothing against crafts and Tupperware, but that's not why I go to a farmers market, you know? The Schaumburg Farmers Market is the real deal, and I'm happy I live so close to it. I stumbled upon this market by accident on a lunch break, but the variety of vendors has brought me back a few more times.  You can find everything here, such as fresh fruits & produce, meats, cheese, pastries, olives, organic dog treats, and even knife sharpening.

If you're hungry, there's a stand serving made-to-order sweet and savory crepes.  I've tried the Hawaiian (ham, cheese, pinneapple, bbq sauce) and Nutella crepes - both were tasty.  There's also stands selling snow cones, cookies, and pretzels, so not a bad place to shop and eat.

The market's located right in front of Bonefish Grill and parking can get a bit crowded, but it's not that big of a deal. First time here and it was a blast.  I was overwhelmed by the amount of fruits, veggies, and fresh baked goods.  

All of the vendors are very helpful and friendly.  There are a lot of samples which is great because you get to try it first and this led to me buying some salsa and bread.  

Make sure you stop by Gotta Bee Crepes for an amazing treat!

There is some great coffee available right in the farmer's market for a little pick me up.

I just wish it happened more than once a week! Two Words: Nichol's Farm. 

The bf and I pick up our weekly CSA from Nichol's at the Schaumburg Farmers Market every Friday. Their booth has the biggest and freshest selection of fruits and veggies I've seen. The variety is endless and I always leave with more than just our CSA box. I could literally rave about Nichol's for pages and pages. But I won't. Let's just say this, if restaurants like Publican and Girl & the Goat trust in them - so do I.

The rest of the vendors are equally as great. Each week I pick up a 5 pound box of the best blueberries around.  And yes, I kill the box within a week. I'm a blueberry-aholic. They also have a great mushroom farmer who brings several varieties of mushrooms each week. Her booth is also a regular stop. The olive booth is also a must stop for fresh olives and capers. 

The farmer's market offers a great variety of fresh veggies, meats, eggs, flowers, mushrooms, fruit, and homemade jams, jellies, dressings, pickles, and teas.

The downfall is that it's only open on Friday mornings, which sucks for us 9-5ers. So unfortunately I only get to go on my days off. However, if you work in the nearby area and can break away from work for a few minutes, it's definitely worth heading to the Schaumburg Farmer's Market to pick up some local, fresh, and tasty goods. Great little Farmers Market on Friday mornings 

so I need to go deposit some money at Wells Fargo (my bank) and I see that there is a farmers market going on in the lot next door, so after doing my banking I walk over to see what I can find

and what a land mind of goodies all kinds of potatoes and around 20 different types of Apples, and a guy with sweet corn the last weekend for that he said (for this year) honey and a guy that will sharpen your dull kitchen knifes, an scissors, plus my coworker called to let me know my truck was loaded early if I wanted to get a early start on the night I could, so I told her I was at the market and she asked for some Garlic so I got her a couple heads 

I am gonna try to go every Friday morning till they end for the winter near the end of September Summer Friday mornings are the best when you start out your day at the Farmer's Market. 

I have driven past this Farmer's Market every Friday for the last 3 years, not stopping once, and not remembering until Saturday morning that they are even there. Its set in off the South-West corner of Roselle and Schaumburg Road. Head for Bonefish and you will find it. In fact, I parked in Bonefish Grills' parking lot last Friday. 

I wandered in here with too much cash on me burning a hole in my pocket!! I headed right for the "Pasta by Sue" tent. Pricing of their products is confusing and a little misleading, so beware. Ask before you pick something up. I was alone, it was 7:30 am, and I didn't want to be rude...I picked up two bags of Raspberry pasta out of a tub marked "2".  Thinking these bags were "2" dollars each, I walked up to pay. I said "So, it's $4?" He said, "No! those bags are $5 each." Had I but known, I would have only picked up one. I didn't want to be rude, so I paid my ten bucks for two 8oz packages of pasta. My grandmother would kill me if she knew I just spent $10 on one frickin' pound of pasta! :)

I saw a gentleman walk away from another tent with 2 large grocery bags of food and a smile on his face---whaddya know? It's the foccacia guy!! Of course, I wandered in here. [Can you tell I'm Italian yet?] "Here, you have to smell this!" (as he shoves the fresh foccacia to your face!)
The large foccacia's are $10 each and seeing as I just spent ten bucks at the pasta tent, I graciously asked how much the small foccacias were. $3 each! Excellent. I'll take two. He also had some gorgeous lemon cookies I will be back to try soon.

I didn't really see any produce that I wanted. I just don't think it's in season yet. A lot of plants, condiments, jellies and jams. There was a cookie tent. Jaci's cookies. The cookies look fantastic. I bought 3 for $6.00. A good deal, for this place, but the cookies really weren't anything special. Damn it!!! I really wanted to enjoy these cookies. I as a baker, myself, I was mighty disappointed.  They were fine. A bit overpriced if you ask me. 

They even had a tent of people making crepes!!! See, had I not already eaten breakfast, I may have ventured to try that. 

As I was walking out, I found the pita guy!!! I had just had some of his pitas and hummus last weekend at a friends house. She had picked up some of him pitas at the Wheaton farmer's market. I was out of the house a lot last weekend and wasn't able to get my hands on my pitas until Monday morning. There was mold spores growing on the pitas :*( I guess this is what happens when there is no preservatives. I didn't even get to eat one! Grrrrr. $3 in the garbage. But at least it was only three dollars.

Again, trying to leave, the guy with popcorn samples "holds a gun to my head" and insists I sample his popcorn. Well, like a sucker, I buy a bag for $6.00. It was good, but not $6.00 good. 

This a lot like a craft fair or vendor fair with some produce.

Man, I'm a sucker for the Farmer's Market. I look forward to attending again soon when the fruits and veggies I want are more in season. *Photo shot

I haven't been to many farmer's markets in Chicagoland to make a reasonable assessment, but for those wondering if this one held on Fridays from 7 to 1, June 15 to Oct. 12, 2007, at the Olde Schaumburg Center (near the beautiful Arts & Craft-style Schaumburg library) is worth it, then I say "yes".

I counted about 10 - 12 booths, mostly veges. I'm not sure what the criteria is to sell at the market -- must they be pesticide-free? Anyway, I bought a nice raspberry-filled paczki and lemon bars from Delightful Pastries, based out of W. Lawrence Ave in Chicago. Spent about 90 cents on 2 ears of fresh corn, and 40 cents on a small handful of yellow beans. And I was so enamored by the multi-colored potatoes from Nichols market (the biggest produce booth) that I had to buy a couple of all-blue and blood-red potatoes from them. It helps that the guy is awfully ruggedly cute. 

I would certainly return to scout out more produce, and maybe even get a few knives sharpened. Yes, there's even a dude on some antique manual sharpening machine there. I have recently starting to go to this farmer's market and love going there when I can.  Unfortunately, it is only on Fridays and I have to work most Fridays.  But, when I do have Friday off, I try to get there.  There are stands for:
  That Pickle Guy
  veggies - multiple stands
  tea
  dog treats
  meat
  cherry products
  crepes
  apples/misc fruit
  berries
  kninfe sharpening
  olives/pita
  cheese
  and more I can't remember

My main stop is That Pickle Guy - yeah, that's the name of business.  I love the spicy pickles.  Just a little bit of heat that just about anyone can handle.  The garlic pickles are good too.  My next trip will include a jar of the hot pickles to see what those are like.

The end of the year will get you the best deals, but also the least selection.  I got 10 lbs of potatoes, 5 lbs red, 5 lbs of yukons for $5.  The jars of pickles are a little more prices at $7/jar or 2 jars for $12, but I think they are much better than the big name brands.

Just bummed out that there are only 2 weeks left in this season, but I think I'll be able to get to both!  These 2 weeks are considered the "extended season" so I'm not sure what that means as far as participation.  There may not be many stands there, but I'll find out this coming Friday! Schaumburg farmer's market has some really great farmers. I absolutely love the salsa stand. Love their hot salsa and their mango salsa, mixing them together is divine. All the different farm stands are also great. I bought my daughter a butter croissant at one of the bread stands and it was so delicious and buttery (wish I remembered the name!) This was our first visit and all the booths were great. We do have to give special mention to TONY'S SHARPENING SERVICE and TAILWAGGER'S PET TREATS.  My kitchen chef's knife had several years of hard use.  Regular steeling has helped it, but it now needed serious, professional help to bring it back to life.  With good sharpening services a dying breed, we had visited another Farmer's Market a few weeks ago, but the sharpener service that was there had left early in the season.  Fortunately, we kept the knife safely wrapped in the car trunk. We stopped at the Schaumburg Farmer's Market on a family trip and just inside the entrance, lo and behold, was Tony's Sharpening Service.  A quick dash to the car and back, and 20 minutes later, we had a nicely sharpened kitchen knife.  He even "retipped" the knife at no extra charge - (the very tip had been knicked off a few years ago.)  I gave it the "paper slice" test and it passed with flying colors.
Our dog was similarly impressed with her beef and peanut butter treats from Tailwaggers, right next to Tony's booth at the Market.  She was one happy camper as she ate her way through these special treats. 
Our thanks for having these and all the other fine vendors- keep up the great work! Smits Farms Greenhouses is an amazing place to visit during planting season with so many colorful and unusual varieties of outdoor garden plants can be purchased here.  Top quality and great selection at very reasonable prices for items not found in the chain big box stores.

Having worked in a couple of greenhouses in the 1970's as a teenager, I can appreciate the operation of a family run, independent business that has put in many long hours to make Smits Farms Greenhouses a success.  It is a very refreshing and welcome change to find a wonderful greenhouse operation that is totally awesome.  I loved the many outdoor garden flowers I bought for my home!

The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and most accommodating.

Great find!
Highly recommended! Brought some turnip greens from them and it smelled like it was sprayed by a skunk. So mad Love this place! I've tried a few other farmstands in the area and none beat Smits. They are friendly and knowledgeable, and have great produce + plants. They are conveniently located near me. But, you can also find them at several farmer's markets in downtown Chicago. They have great herbs and they are always fresh and last. One of my favorite things to purchase is corn--once in season it is perfect. The prices are extremely reasonable. Their farmstand to purchase produce opens in July! I love that this market is held on Sundays (11am-2pm). It's so perfect for those of us who don't always make it to the early markets on Sunday, and it's a nice way to spend the afternoon. 

The offerings vary week to week, but there is usually live music and a mobile food vendor, in addition to traditional farmer's market offerings. 

This smaller market definitely has some growing to do, but as North Liberty continues to expand I'm excited for its potential! My favorite Farmer's Market!

Amazing vendors - Baetje Farms (superb goat cheese), Salume Beddu, Whisk (their popsicles are both interesting/refreshing/delish), Double Star Farm, MO Grass Fed Beef, Companion....etc. 

Food Trucks! - A big fat Holy Crepe or I love love love The Big Cheese - making grilled sandies utilizing all the local ingredients, found at the market - how perfect is that?!

Free Yoga! - It's at 9 a.m., and the instructor is f-ing hilarious.

This place is just full of activities - yogis, foodies, kiddies, and in summer, usually some live music and/or a wedding happening at Piper Palm House. 

Best in St. Louis! -  says the yogi who loves fresh foods (is there any other way to get tomatoes and lettuces?) This review is about the Tower Grove Farmer's Market.

This really is a nice experience. If you go early, it's not too crowded, but after 11 it gets really squished. My first week, I brought home delicious homemade granola, honey, duck eggs and sweet potatoes. One of my favorite trucks, Lulu's, was there with breakfast fare. The Retrailer, which sells awesome organic homemade loose leaf tea, was there. They also have free yoga and qi gong. There's meat vendors and I scoped out a place to buy goat There were fresh flowers, handmade wares and plenty of places selling other veggies, pastries and food and drinks.

Don't forget to bring plenty of cash, some of the vendors don't have credit card machines. They're open 8-12, saturdays. A nice start to any Saturday! Why have I not been here yet? So much good stuff in a single street block! 

Yes, I realize that many of the same vendors that make appearances at the Tower Grove Farmers' Market are at the Downtown version during the week. So what? They're still awesome! After sampling the Baetje Farms goat cheese, I want to relocate to Bloomsdale, MO... wherever that is!

The nice thing about the Downtown market is that it's on Thursday nights, a perfect weeknight for browsing and letting off some steam before the weekend hits. I met a few gal pals down here last night, we picked out some local ingredients and made dinner at one of their lofts. It was like a mini Top Chef Challenge, since the rule was we could only make food that came from the market (minus spices and oil). 

What did we eat? Mini grass-fed beef burgers with peppered goat cheese, croistinis with sauteed onion/eggplant/tomato/garlic and  zucchini fritters. We also picked up some wine from Culinaria and it made for a perfect summer night.

For the people who say there's nothing going on Downtown after 5 pm, please check out the Farmers' Market. Just one example of how there's things to do, you just have to make the effort to do them! What's this?  _Downtown_ Tower Grove Farmers' Market?  Why yes!  Located in the Old Post Office Plaza (on Locust between 8th and 9th), they close down Locust and have a couple dozen vendors.

Every Thursday, June - October, 4-7pm. 

Only downside is that while $20 gets you like 9,000 pounds of stuff at Soulard (though a lot of it is crappy), this market is a bit more "upscale."  But the veggies they had were reasonably priced from what I saw.

Awesome things:
Ozark Forest Mushrooms - Black truffle butter (so good, you'll lick this like ice cream)

Baetje Farms - a.k.a the goat cheese folks from Soulard Market.  Delicious!

and well, here's the rest of the vendors that have or will be there:

Baetje Farms
Black Bear Bakery
Builaland Family Farm
City Seeds
Companion Baking
Farmer's Larder
Double Star Farms
Freeland's Vegetable & Berry
Hinkebein Hills Farm
Ivan's Fig Farm
Kakao Chocolate
KatiePies, Pies & Pastries 
Kuva Coffee Company
Mangia Italiano
Mills Apple Farm
Missouri Grassfed Beef
Murray's Orchard
Our Garden
Ozark Forest Mushrooms
Patchwork Acres
Prairie Grass Farms
Ringhausen Orchard
Salume Beddu
Show Me Fresh Farm
Silent Oaks Farm
Three Rivers Community Farm
Traveling Tea with Queen's Cuisine
Yoder Produce This Farmer's Market is the real deal!

One thing I love about this market is that all the vendors grow the veggies or make the goods themselves.  And, they are all local.

I also love the fact that they always have live music!

This one is only open on Thursdays from 4-7PM, but the people are nice.  Also, bring cash and a cotton bag or backpack.

Stuff I love to about it:
1. Fresh in season Veggies - I try to get something from everyone
2. Good meat without the hormones
3. Fresh Bread
4. Fresh Pasta
5. Frozen Apple Cider Slushy - so Yummy on a hot afternoon
6. That everything is local, local, local and homemade 

* And,  I am not a fan of goat cheese, but if I was, it would def be on this list.

Even better is that I can ride my bike from CWE to get there!  See you at the market! For the record-- the plums I bought from that cute little old farmer-man are still good this week. The ones I bought from the groc store last night? not so much. Picked up some companion bread, fresh goat cheese made locally, great veggies, Pi Truck, overall awesome Yesterday the market was busy!  People frantically moving from stand to stand searching for the best deals. It was alive. 

Fall is also a fun time to come. The heirloom tomatoes are at the end of their season to make way for a variety of squash, pumpkins, apples and Indian corn. Oh and those swan gourds definitely were named appropriately. 

We came in search of multicolored carrots in a variety of sizes to make up a batch of canned Mexican spiced carrots.  We did not leave empty handed. 

Market goes through November so you still have time to check it out. Dam it here I go again passing the farmers market at around 2 ish and it's still open, what the hell is going on here because so I said just stop and check it out. Today is going to be the last time that I drive by and not stop and I don't know why it's still open at this time because I don't remember it having afternoon hours. 

Ok I will be honest I really wanted to see if there was a cool food truck that I have never been to and there was but it was Thai tacos picture on it and I'm really getting so tired of 95% of the trucks that I find are taco trucks so I passed even though it was Thai tacos.

The place was crawling with people but I had no problem with parking at all. There was a lot of vendors selling the same produce and there was a couple things that caught my eye, peaches 3-$5 seemed kind of expensive so they better be the best peaches I ever bought. Apple holler had some fresh baked pies so the strawberry rhubarb sounded good and it was a mini pie so I grabbed one, still exploring the sweet tooth thing.

There was plants, cactus plants, veggies which some that I don't even have an idea what to do with, Mexican sweets etc, pies, breads, jams, honeys, fruits, meats etc I noticed while walking around. There was a ice cream truck that had hot dogs and pop corn etc.

After finding a couple things and with I imagined the venders and food trucks changing and offering different items at different times I can see my self stopping back again and checking them out again. Love this place.  The wind was pretty bitty today but a lot of vendors still made it out even though it's early in the season.  We bought 2 gorgeous hanging baskets.  I'll buy some more perennials in a few weeks after We see what made it through he winter. Who doesn't love a farmer's market! I have been coming to this market for years. I absolutely love all the produce that the farmers bring. This time of year the Apple cider is fresh and the vegetables are perfectly ripe. There are always many farmers to choose from a long with delicious bakery and beautiful flowers and plants. They're open three days a week which is convenient for anyone's busy schedule. If you love the outdoors and love fresh produce definitely stop by this farmers market. It's a classic market with the friendliest farmers.  By the way the Dutch apple pie is amazing from the bakery at the market!!! It's the oldest farmers market in the area. It's a few minutes from my house, and I never went. I finally made it on Saturday and was impressed. One thing I like is that on Saturdays, it opens at 1:00 and stays open until 6:00. No more 9:00AM to Noon or 1:00 stuff, which is fine if you're a morning person, but I'm not.

I like sleeping in on Saturdays and the other 6 days too, but mostly Saturdays.

The market is huge and covered. Food trucks also make appearances so you can buy lunch before the market opens, and that might help prevent you from shopping while hungry, which is dangerous.

I bought pink pearl apples and farm fresh eggs on my visit. I'm glad I finally made it and I'll be back again! Visited in mid August this year and when I got home my wife was so disappointed as she said the peppers and tomatoes I bought were definitely not farm fresh as they had little flavor.....more like large grocery chain you could buy in January and have little flavor. People were pleasant otherwise this is 1star. Very disappointed after hearing from friends to come visit The West Allis Farmers Market.  There was tons of vendors to pick from but 90 % of them carried the same items " produce ."     But they did have 3 food trucks that I have. Plus a few vendors that were on the street selling mainly produce from what I saw.    Having a bigger farmers market isn't always better.  I'd rather do to a smaller market that has a good mix of vendors to pick from. I've been coming here since I was very small and I'm happy to say that it hasn't changed a bit. My good griend and I make it a point to visit every Tuesday to buy fresh vegetables and herbs. Better yet, I live 2 blocks away. Local, fresh, tasty produce and a chance to support our farmers. How can you go wrong? My family is from Europe, so we like fresh food. Fresh is best, right? Of course. 

My family has been coming here for probably 50 years. There's no place like it. Farmers who actually grow their own produce, harvest it and bring it to market place. 

Those who shop in the regular food store should know that beautiful sign you see hanging of fresh eggs or dairy with the pretty little farm is far from the truth. Today's mass producing farms look nothing like the small local farms, which is why I love and gladly support these farmers. What is surprising is that these folks charge lower prices too. 

Another thing I like about this farmers market is being able to support the local community, keep jobs and trades alive and of course, being able to ask farmers questions. This place is totally cool when I come up to Wisconsin in the summer I always bring a big cooler so I can take food back from these farmers. I love this farmers market, mostly because it's the only one I can ever go to, but also because it's really easy to access and the vendors are pretty cool. 

It can appear confusing to access at first, but there is plenty of street parking nearby and a gravel lot across the street that tends to fill up quickly. I don't mind walking so I will park closer to the Pick 'n Save down towards 70th. This is the easiest but offers a slight uphill walk to the market. But hey, you're shopping for fresh produce to eat healthy, embrace the tiny bit of exercise!  Oh, and bring a caddy or some shopping bags to carry everything back to the car.

I have a tendency to walk around the entire market before making my purchases. Since there are so many vendors, you will notice that several will be selling the same items. It's really a buyers market. Shop for the freshest and best priced produce and don't just buy what you need at the first stall, unless you want to, or if they are selling pastries. Buy pastries at the first stop. They will sell out and you'll be sad!

I mentioned the hours - this is the best part. I work every Saturday morning so I miss out on 95 percent of all the farmers markets. Since this one opens at one, I still have plenty of time to drive here and look at items before the vendors start packing up for the day. They also have weekday hours on Tuesday and Thursday which is a major selling feature of this market. Can't make it on the weekend? Come down on Tuesday! I love it. Much like any market it's generally better to arrive earlier than later to avoid large crowds and score plenty of goodies.

Another reason why I like this market so much is that the vendor areas are covered. When it's all hot and sunny, you are shaded and comfortable. The same goes for light rain. It's a pleasant shopping experience at times when the weather could ruin your day(and the produce). 

Dogs are not really allowed here but I'm not sure how well that's enforced. It's a stressful place for a pup with so many people and new smells. Please leave them at home if at all possible. Last summer I saw one almost bite a child - it's just not worth the risk of losing your pet or harming them or someone else. One of the best local farmers markets around.  You can find everything fresh and locally grown here.  Flowers,  fruits,  Veggies,  herbs,  and meat/eggs. When it first opens it's very packed,  also remember to bring a large bag or basket if you plan to buy a lot. Most transactions are cash only.  Vendors are always nice and informative about their produce.  Best deal on organically grown produce anywhere This is an okay farmers market. I was impressed by the size but disappointed by the quality and lack of sustainable practices. Very little organic produce, most farmers here spray pesticide and fungicide. Be sure to ask EACH booth if you care about that. The "fer-li meat & sausage farm" team was rude and unhelpful. Don't shop there if you don't like being disrespected. After paying $11 for ground beef, the man went in the truck and brought me out a tube of frozen meat in an opaque bag. I felt it and noticed it was hard as a rock, frozen completely solid, like it was in the back of a deep freeze for months. When i complained that their advertised fresh meat is frozen, and I find unacceptable., the wife asked me snappily, "what on earth would make you think that?!" I replied, "well, that's how you were advertising it two minutes ago." She went on to babble about how all her chickens are grass fed and free range, and she works the farm everyday. While that may be true, it has nothing to do with the matter at hand. She offered to slice the tube of meat open for me if that would make me happy. I explained that I had a variety of chef's knives at home, and didn't need somebody to slice open the package, and no, that would not make me happy. What would make me happy is you returning my money to me, or you  producing the product as advertised. Lost that battle unfortunately, but would never return to their booth EVER again. Also disappointing was the peach booth where peaches were either moldy or rock hard. WOW!! Took our first visit to the farmers market today and I am amazed! The prices were such bargains and the produce was too notch! Only took $20 but came home with a full weeks worth of veggies! I cannot wait to go back Tuesday! Next time I will purchase some of the beautiful flowers that were displayed throughout the market. There was also a honey stand. Mushroom stand and duh a wife variety of fruits and veggies. More veggies that fruits this time around. 
We arrived right at open and parking was getting difficult to find. Luckily we managed to parallel park just across the street and had no problems getting in or out of the spot. Plan accordingly due to parking. I've always enjoyed this market for the most part.   The afternoon operating hours on Tuesdays, Thursday and Saturdays make it more accessible many days.  

At the height of the season Saturday afternoons can get pretty darn crowded in all four aisles as well as the surrounding area as many vendors with trucks for setups t large for the stalls park on the perimeter. I personally prefer Tuesday or Thursday right after work for a quicker stop.

The variety is always great.  In season just picked produce is always in abundance.  In spring flowers and garden plants along with plenty of herbs are numerous.

Sprinkled in between all this bounty is pure honey and maple syrup, pickled mushrooms, and plenty of buffalo, cow, chicken and other meats fresh from the farm.

On my last trip a vendor from the market explained that not all vendors are there every week, some are every other and a few once a month.

So wear comfortable shoes, bring a big sturdy bag and be ready to be impressed with the selection no matter the season! I stopped by the West Allis Farmers Market with my husband because it's been years since I've gone.

We were able to find street parking fairly close with no problem.

Wow - there were a lot of different vendors with a lot of variety of vegetables among other things. I was glad to see a couple vendors that were selling various types of meats (although I didn't buy any).

Next time I go, I need to bring a cooler with wheels & more cash :-) This is totally the best market in town. Get your fix three days a week and you don't miss out if you sleep in on Saturday! Tons of vendors with anything you desire. Parking is pretty painless as there are a few small lots and plenty of street areas. Fantastic organized clean large FARMERS  MARKET !!!!! I go their all the time good quality reasonable market !!. Been here a couple times now, and will definitely be back. 

The lanes are stacked with produce and the vendors are so friendly! Something that amazed me was that the selection seemed to be about 95% produce and only about 5% canned goods (jams/honey/syrup) or frozen meats. Which was fine-but a heads up to anyone looking for those items, they're not there (or at least they weren't this weekend). 

Parking is pretty accessible with many side streets to park down, without a need to walk very far. 

The pavilion is a great feature-allows shoppers to get out of the sun/elements. 

Another bonus is that it is at 1pm, so you don't have to rush the morning to get the best stuff! I moved within walking distance of the West Allis border a few years back and I expected to find guys in trucks, plenty sports bars playing NASCAR races, dive bars everywhere and chains, chains, chains.

What I didn't expect to find is the best farmers market in a 50 mile radius.

This is my absolute favorite part of anything West Allis. I count the days until that first Saturday of May, and loath the end of October when the market closes for Winter.

You can find absolutely anything here. Veggies, fruit, honey, baked goods, potted plants, meat, cheese, etc. I can literally come here at noon on a Tuesday, buy everything I would need for a dinner, and have it on the table by five. Nothing is more enjoyable than a dinner with fresh picked vegetables.

So many vendors are here that you can usually shop around and find the lowest price on certain items, especially when they are in season.

I love the little trailer that sells the fresh meat. I also love that Apple Holler brings a crapload of bakery here everyday.

I tend to avoid Saturdays here in the mid Summer to Fall. It gets pretty crowded, I've seen both lots fill up and I had to park a couple blocks away. I'm glad they are open 12-5 PM on Tuesdays and Thursdays.

If you come hungry, don't worry. The street is lined with food trucks making food, anything from pulled pork, tamales, ice cream, Italian sausage, soup, burgers, even Greek food sometimes.

This is too awesome not to support. I hope to enjoy this farmer's market for years to come. A shining star of West Allis.  
(silly, yes, but true :) )

Definitely check out the super fresh and tasty produce from all of the different vendors - I have certain favorites I'll sometimes get hooked on (the singing sweet corn guy, for instance, is too cute for words), but they all have great stuff, and I do like to change it up sometimes.  

Loads of options, in case you do find some veggies or fruits you aren't as fond of... 
Overall, more veggies than fruits, but there are some tasty fruits to be found.

Additionally offers some baked goods from apple holler, as well as different vendors along the edge with soups, cookies, bubble tea, ice cream, and more!

I also really like that they are open Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, to give more options to shop.  

Man I love that singing corn guy. The farmers market never gets old. It's great to check out all the local vendors and help out individuals and families rather than giant corporations. 

Some weeks have a theme (e.g. dog day), so be sure to check out their Facebook page. The Bloomington PD are usually in attendance handing out stickers to kids and having a good time. One week, the market made a dish incorporating many vendors' products (Filipino Pancit) and was handing it our for free. Some vendors have free samples for you to try (shout out to Huelskoetter Farms and Joe Joe's house dressing). And there's live musician or band is usually playing in the town sqaure.

Some vendors sell out early on a weekly basis, so it may be worth going early to see all the products and produce available. Plus, you're by all the small shops and stores in Downtown Bloomington (e.g. Coffee hound, Ivy Lane Bakery, Common Ground grocery, etc). Furthermore, parking is sually a breeze. You can sometimes find street parking, but there's also the parking garage that's a 2-5 minute walk to the heart of the action. 

The Farmers Market is worth a visit, and may even become a weekly tradition for you and your family. We go to this market every Saturday and are sad that this is the last outdoor market of the year. Now we will go to the coliseum once a month for amazing produce and meat!  We really enjoy the selection at this market. They offer honey, maple syrup, produce organic and non organic, baked goods, hand crafted jewelry, paintings, hand crafted pottery, organic eggs, local cheese, pork, organic chicken and beef. Homemade dog treats, live music, pasta to cook later and sauces and more!  We always stop at Kellys Bakery and Coffeehound for coffee and sometimes breakfast or lunch. Outdoor market is held on all Saturdays from May through October from 7:30-noon. Indoor is held November thru April on the 3rd Saturday 10-noon. http://downtownbloomington.org/farmers-market/
Just another happy customer! I was looking forward to going and I was really disapointed. The streets were not even marked clearly and once you turned on the right street it was one way and there was no way out...there were not enough venders and even though there were a few hours left before it was over most venders' tables were almost empty...  the venders that were there were just not that exciting... the biggest let down was the guy doing balloon animals.. my grand daughter stood there waiting for about five minutes and then he told her he had to leave without doing her balloon... very unprofessoonal all the way around.. Fresh produce some of which I've never heard of, challenging me to be a more creative cook! Whenever I am out of town and miss it I cry...

tips...
1. bring your own bags of varying sizes so you can separate things in a way where you don't crush your tomatoes or eggs
2. EGGS! If you want them, get there early. like when they open early... its totally worth it if you've never had farm eggs before. You'll never go back to store stuff.
3. Plow Creek Bakery makes the BEST bread I've ever had. Get the multigrain but save a loaf for me :-) all organic ingredients all written on the outside of the package. Despite having no sugar in it, it has a slight sweetness you'll get addicted to.
4. Find the pasta people! Get a back of anything that is the thin linguini noodles, they are the best. I buy at least a package or two each week, and sometimes they have a bargain bin with slightly broken noodles for cheap.
5. I love the Prairie Earth Farms booth, which just keeps getting bigger and better and they now accept credit cards! Across from them is Cook Farm run by two brothers that look like twins... one has a shaved head the other (Dylan) has scraggly hair... love them both. They are kind and knowledgable and always introduce me to new ingredients. They are the reason I love garlic scapes, the daikon radish and kohlrabi.

Going to the Farmers Market changed my cooking in so many positive ways... I still go to the regular store for other things but I buy most if not all my produce from the market each Saturday and you should too. Support our local farmers and take better care of your health at the same time! It's still early in the season, and this was my first visit, but I am very much a fan.

- You can use a credit card to buy tokens, which all vendors accept.  There is a $2 fee to do so, but the money goes to help support the farmers and the market, and it's $2 whether you buy $10 or $50.  (So get $50!  Tokens don't expire.)
- WIC cards accepted, with no additional fee.  Badass.
- BIG!!  Spans a good 4-5 blocks downtown, both farmers and artists.
- Lots of doggie-watching to be done.
- Prices are fair and farmers are friendly.
- Local, mostly organic, know-your-farmer food!
- Live music
- DELICIOUS food!

This is a treasure!  I'll be back every Saturday I can. One of my favorite parts of living in B-N is coming to the market.  The produce is so fresh, and there are activities for everyone in the family!  $2 credit card fee if you don't bring cash. YES YES YES- really- what more is there to say.  Fresh veggies...live music...lots of artists and vendors of all sorts.  They even have a debit and credit card system now, if you don't have cash.  It's May-October.  Get there EARLY if you want any sort of fresh fruits!!!

Apple Ridge Produce- Keith is a rockstar, we &lt;3 him.

But our true love is Mr. Merrick.  Frank Merrick grows tomatoes like no other.  2 weeks my friends, 2 weeks and tomatoes will be in their PRIME!! Get there early if you hope to take home any vegetables at all.  The market is great, but I have been there at 10 or 11 to find literally nothing left.  I have never seen a Farmers Market that runs out of produce so quickly.  Perhaps that's just how the farmers in Central Illinois roll? If they made corn flavored candy it would not be as good as this. This stuff is unbelievable. 

Georgia may have peaches, Michigan may have cherries, Washington may have Apples -- but Illinois has corn. And this corn is crazy good. I ate two ears in the car on the way home. Had planned to make the trip to Harvard to pick up some corn, but then I saw how many local farmers markets sell it, but best of all I found it at Heinen's grocery store in Lake Bluff.  Corn is exceptional in flavor, but sweet corn I have had in a long time. Prices seemed a bit higher than I'm used to seeing on some of the produce at local farmer's markets, but most of it looked fresh enough to be worth it. Maybe.

On my way home with some veggies & a bag of their corn, my parents swear by it & I'll give some to them for sure, the smallest amount of corn you can buy is 6, and as a singleton with little freezer space as it is, I'd appreciate being able to buy individually. Enough with GMO products already! These companies produce corn seeds in the lab then plant them and sell the final "product" to us as fresh and amazing corn! It is a corn hybrid. Some sort of a nature freak that they created by mixing together genes from several plants as they state on their own website. Not okay, unless of course you want to get cancer! I may be a bit of a corn snob.   

What can I say?  I'm from Iowa and I know corn.  In fact, I won't buy ears in the middle of the winter (from Florida?  Are you kidding?).  My annual mid/late summer routine finds me traveling to Iowa and stocking up on the genuine, local goods.  If I can't make the trip, I'll just suffer silently while I eat the second-rate yellow stuff that resembles flavored cardboard.

Until now.

I stand before you now as a reformed corn snob and will allow Illinois corn to grace my table.  There, I said it.  

I've never visited Twin Garden Farms farm or roadside markets.  I (hesitantly) first stopped by their booth at the Andersonville Farmer's Market a few weeks ago at a friend's recommendation.  Like a good drug pusher, the guy at the booth offered me taste of the raw stuff right off a freshly-husked ear.  Intrigued, I took a bite.  Wait, I'm in Illinois, right?  This place is in Illinois?  My senses grew confused and I found myself buying some of the bicolor corn.  It tasted like home, even, shall I dare say, incredible!  I'd even go as far as to put this up against some of the corn I had growing up that came from a relative's farm  (shhhh...don't tell).

The price tag may be a bit steep if you're planning on buying a lot of it.  Buying local good stuff from a family farm is so worth it, though.

There may still be time to get some before fall is completely upon us and the harvest is gone.  Get some now! Such a great event! 

So kid friendly!! and so much variety. 
Its quite a bummer you cant bring your dog to this event, but other than that...NO complaints! The Morton Grove Farmers' Market is run by a volunteer organization through the MG Chamber of Commerce and Industry/the Village of MG/MG Park District.  Only opened on Saturdays from 8AM - 12PM, there are a variety of vendors.  Just note that these vendors change or rotate on an annual basis, so when you see a vendor that you absolutely love, make sure you get their business card/contact information and/or stock up on their items!  Some vendors that have made appearances in the past were: Blankenship Farms, Treasure Breads, Maier's Bakery, Distinct Bath and Body, The Cheese People, Bee in Beezyness with God, and Jilly Bean Jar.  I really like the Cheese People, as they have a variety of yummy cheeses, like the Creamy Amish Swiss, Aged Asiago, Applewood Smoked Cheddar, and the Pistachio Log.  My parents love getting fresh produce from the Farmers' Market, especially apples and potatoes.  As these are small, local businesses, the prices may be a little higher, but note that you're generally paying for higher quality and supporting such! :D  There's plenty of street parking and limited in the small lot.

+Saturdays, from 8AM-12PM
+changing/rotating vendors
+across from Mb Financial bank I love the Morton Grove Farmers Market for the Tamale Express! Great service, quick, yummy tacos, yummy tamales, and especially yummy elotes! I constantly want to try new things, but rarely make the time.  This time was different!

Morton Grove kicked off the season with an Indoor Spring Market.  I saw an event listing on Yelp and decided to make the drive out there from Bartlett.  There was a check-in offer (that was old & didn't have an expiration date), but they still found a way to honor the listing and provide a little treat which was certainly appreciated!  The staff/volunteers greeting us were so nice and made sure to make us feel welcomed.  They had t-shirts for sale (but I didn't check those out very closely).  I think they are entering into their fourth year.

The indoor market consisted of approximately 20 different vendors selling their wares.  Upstairs there was face painting and some bites to eat on site.  We met a local gentleman who sells birdhouses that were just too cute (I may have purchased one of these on the sly for a gift for someone later this year).  He paints each house and uses license plates on the roof.  Too cute!  There was a woman who had scones, varieties of chocolate, muffins, biscotti, etc.  I picked up some pistachio and dried cherry biscotti drizzled with white chocolate - It was completely out of my go-to's, but it was delicious!  There was a gentleman who had a wide variety of spices and dip mixes.  We met a woman who had soups for sale.  Everything was already in the bag and all you needed to do was add water.  She made my heart smile because her company "employs" individuals with special needs to put the ingredients in each bag and tie the bows.  There was a woman nearby with home décor - honestly it reminded me of things that someone's Great Aunt Ethel would have all over her home - not my taste, but it might be a good gift for someone's Great Aunt. ;-)  There was a woman with handmade bows, pencil pouches, travel crayon sets and other items that were very cute.  Perfect gifts for my littlest nieces!  Someone had Whoopie Pies!!! (But they were busy and we never went back...)  A traditional bakery was onsite with giant coffee cakes and other fresh looking items.  There was a gluten-free product table, but they appeared to be pretty cleared out by the time I got over there.  I saw a table where you could place orders for meat - like a butcher, but I don't think the meat was onsite that day.  I met a husband and wife team who had the most lovely jam (I bought one!) and honey.  One of my sisters harvest honey, so I skipped that, but did love the jam.  Next to them, was another husband and wife team with jewelry and some sort of diet (I think) product.  The jewelry was very pretty and he said they were regulars, so I will look for them again.  Finally, I saw a woman with varieties of hummus.  Upstairs, the chicken and mole tamale knocked my socks off!!  And that pretty much concluded my trip.  There was a nice variety of items, but I am looking forward to going once they are outside in the hope of getting fresh fruit & veggies! It finally happened! Morton Grove has its own farmer's market. Instead of going to Park Ridge or Evanston, there's a place in-between. I came out there with my wife and kids on the grand opening weekend. Located in the lot behind Illinois Bone & Joint Institute, there's no shortage of parking and it doesn't require any crazy maneuvering to get into the lot either.

For the grand opening, Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky, Morton Grove's mayor and trustees were present for the ribbon-cutting ceremony. So were photo and video people to document the event. But formalities aside, I think we got the making of a community destination for the summer and fall.

They have covered Radio Flyer wagons for the kids to sit in and get towed around through the place. I don't know if it will be a regular feature or not, but there was a face painter and storyteller. My kids got to plant beans in cups and we'll watch them sprout and grow, then transplant them to our garden.

In terms of food, I spent a lot of time by the Lehman's Orchard stand, where they sell freshly made, natural peanut butter, almond butter and cashew butter, in addition to dried fruits. I bought a cashew butter package to try. Pretty awesome on a cracker or by itself! I resisted buying the honey roasted peanut butter in case it's too sweet and be out $5 for it. Hint to the vendor: I would have tried it and possibly bought more if there was a sample available.

Tibet Farms did not have much to offer but there was fresh bok choy and mustard greens. Since I grow some of my own greens at home, I talked to the guy about his growing methods to share ideas.

A well-known name in drinkable yogurt, Lifeway Kefir has a booth too. They let us try their strawberry kefir, which my older son loves. Locally, there's Maier's Bakery with a selection of baked goods to offer. There was also a cheese vendor and a sharpening service for scissors and knives on site, while you shop.

While I won't stop going to my local Park Ridge Farmers' Market, the one in Morton Grove has enough unique qualities to hold its own and attract a loyal following of locals. And I will be back for more cashew or peanut butter. I love markets, fresh produce, and being out and about on Saturdays.  Needless to say, I was uber excited to visit Morton Grove's own farmers' market.

Several vendors boasted their berries, cherries, arugula, radishes, baked goods, flowers, and more.  I walked home with a pint of cherries, a pair of madelines, and a brownie.  I expected the cherries to be sweeter and the madelines to taste light, fluffy, and fresh vs. tasting like they had been made 2 days ago.

I will be back though.  There is easy, breezy parking.  Amy's stand had some chocolatey treats to offer, and the frozen, chocolate covered key lime pie is calling my name. This is hands down the best Farmer's Market to bring kids, too.  They have brand spankin' new, FREE radio flyer wagons to pull your kids and produce around in.  Every week the library is there reading stories, leading dances and parachute time..and even giving away books!  Face painting and great music are also regular features.  The kids are always raring to go, unlike other markets I kind of had to drag them to.

I also love the setup of this market...nice and enclosed in a parking lot behind a building...easy to keep an eye on kids and kind of a party atmosphere.

Tibet Farms is my favorite booth because of their delicious baby bok choy, peppers and other veggies I'd have to make a separate trip to an ethnic food store to buy. They are all organic, too, and have delicious lemonade and iced tea.

Last week, I was able to do my grocery shopping, entertain the kids, AND even buy birthday presents all in one stop (some super hot salsa and locally made chocolates!).  Love it :) I had to update this review...two years later, and I loved this market so much I started to volunteer and now I am on the Market Committee. It is such a great group of people to share ideas and work with. If anyone is interested they should contact us at AllManagersMGFarmersMarket.com Went here for the first time because of the crappy reviews that Glenview Farmer's Market got. Was expecting it to be bigger, it wasn't, which is good for me. Local farms from IL here and the prices, well farmers have to live too. Farmer's markets are not known for being inexpensive, so if you want cheap produce go to a produce store in the area. Quality is just fabulous. I was able to taste 3 different types of strawberries and pick which ones I wanted to buy. What most people don't know about farmer's market produce is that it is truly organic but most small farms can't afford to pay for the inspection and label that goes along with organic. No pesticides used here on these foods. You can always tell quality when it looks like the fruits and veggies look a little dirty and oddly shaped. If you see someone at a farmer's market claiming to be certified organic, question it and their prices. Nice to be able to talk with the farmer's who grew the produce and ask questions without them trying to scam or cheat you.  I will DEFINITELY be going back to this market! I love coming here every Saturday! The vendors are great, as is the musical entertainment. Since this market just started this year, that means that there are more vendors to come in the future.

I do have stalls that I frequent: El Gringo Loco (Key Lime and Garlic salsa, Pineapple Salsa, and Burn Uranus sauce), The Cheese People (Dante aged sheep's milk, Pistachio Log, Jack with fresh basil), Lehman's Orchard (dried vegetable chips), Lifeway Foods (kefirs), a vendor who's name that I can only remember has something with "Provence" in it (sea salt ciabatta bread, baguettes, chocolate and raspberry croissants). Love this farmers market!  I have 4 others to choose from on the NW side, but this one might be my favorite.  It starts at 8am, which to me is preferable to 10am.  Parking is easy.  There are wagons available to haul your stuff (and kids) around in.  There are crafts for the kids, face painting...  music was about to start, but we got there on the early side; oh, and great produce available too! The Saturday FM on the square is the Grande Poobah of FMs, but it's an event. And after a long work week, I'm not always up for an event to include finding a parking spot and dodging crowds. The Monona FM is my wish come true, offering everything from my favorite cheese - shout out to Farmer John! - to bakery and coffee, fresh fruit, veggies and herbs, seasonal flowers, dog treats, popcorn, even some fresh meats and canned goods. If I'm in a hurry I'm in and out in 15 minutes or less, or if I want to stroll and enjoy the music and take in the joy of the market, there's plenty to see. It's conveniently located in Ahuska Park on the south side of Broadway between Menards and Pick n Save. Go visit Farmer John, but I won't tell you which of his cheeses is my favorite because he sells out of it often enough the way it is! Gotta keep some things to myself! ;) He has plenty of samples so you can taste for yourself which ones you like best. One of the smallest farmers' markets in Madison, but also one of the friendliest. They have live music every week and picnic tables where you can snack, enjoy the music, and soak up some sun on an easy Sunday morning. Of course they have fruits, veggies, popcorn, interesting looking mushrooms, jellys and jams, salsas, and flowers, but Farmer Johns' Cheeses, Stalzy's Deli baked goods, and Stella's famous cheese bread is represented here too. You can even score some rare items like ghost and fatali peppers toward the end of the summer. 

They even have a Hmong family that have a stall that pumps out egg rolls, stuffed chicken wings, bubble tea, and chicken for there or to go. Feel free to hang out and make the rounds, talk to the farmers, have a bite, and listen to a few tunes. If you are pressed for time before football starts on a Sunday, simply park in Ahuska Park, grab what you need, and be out in less than 5 minutes. Enjoy and support local businesses and families. Lots of good markets in Madison, but Monona is good choice if you want to get in and out quickly.  Small, relative to other markets, but they've also got some a vendors including Java Cat (gelato) and Café Social (brewed coffee and beans) This is my favorite farmer's market in the Madison area. It's big enough to have just about everything you'd want to buy, but small enough that you can actually get some shopping done without fighting the crowds. Lots of veggies, some meat and cheese and fruit, other interesting things. I love the gentleman who sells seedlings (all through the summer! which is a godsend for a brown thumb like me who accidentally kills off her plants on a regular basis) and the family that sells scratch-and-dent tomatoes by the large box for a reasonable price. Plus Stella's and Farmer John are there! (It wouldn't be a farmer's market without Stella's and Farmer John!) You'll see me there just about every Sunday during the season. Eckerts is a yes I've been going to since I was born. It has ice cream and has Easter brunch is best of all and was probably most famous for is being able to pick your own fruits and vegetables. You ride on tractor in to the fields then with your little baskets and boxes you go and you find your peaches or plums or apples or carrots or strawberries or peas or what ever else you could think of. The you ride the tractor back and pay for what you picked.
At the cash register there is candy and Jelly made from Eckerts fruits. Oh and I forget to mention all the holiday traditions. On Halloween come and pick a pumpkin. I Easter come and have brunch with the Easter bunny! Those are just my two favorites there's tons more. If there's a nice warm day where you're bored come down to Eckerts! A classic apple picking farm with a barn, classic apple treats, cider, kettle corn, hay rides etc its very kid friendly. There's also a winery next door for something a little classy too! I was visiting St Louis and someone reminded me of the GREAT Peaches from this place. Oh my, these were great, I am going back in 2 weeks and will make another stop. It isn't just a place for peaches, they have a nice market with other fresh vegetables, cheeses, meats and THE BAKERY.  I purchased the Blackberry loaf from the bakery and it was delicious.  A couple days later on my way back home, I stop for more, but they were sold out. I have tried the Apple Butter and it was very good as well.  You can spend several hours here as they have you pick farm, ice cream shop, garden center and restaurant. In my Arnold voice... I WILL BE BACK I love this little farm market! It's so conveniently located for me. They have all of the wonderful fresh produce that the Eckerts farms have plus their homemade breads, jams, pies and other items. They keep the store clean, well stocked and looking tidy. There are always plenty of employees stocking items and checking people out. I really appreciate the convenience of this store. 

If I had one complaint, it would be that the store should be open into the fall and stocked apples, pumpkins, corn and other fall only produce. I always look forward to this place opening in the Spring/Summer. It's open seasonally and THE BEST place to get amazing locally grown peaches. Eckert's is SO good, and if you don't live in Illinois, this is a great alternative. They have a lot of local items here, including lots of produce, salad dressings, chips, bakery items (pies, muffins, coffee cakes etc) sauces, baking mixes, candy, salsas and other canned items. I like the mixes and the produce is always good. The peaches you pay for, but I have yet to find better tasting ones in St. Louis except off the tree in their orchard. The store is small and you can't find things like milk or well known brands but there are some very interesting items. I highly suggest to stop by, grab some peaches, and see what other cool items they have! As with the previous poster, I also look forward to when the Eckert's opens it's St.Louis market and sells all of it's fresh fruits,veggies and baked good to all of us over the river. I, myself, don't mind going over to Belleville but sometimes it's hard to do so when you don't have much time to do it! I am a fan of their coffee cakes (they are THE best!!!!) as well as the peaches and apples. They have alot of fruits and veggies as well for sale along with salsas, apple butter and some various sodas. Last year and this year they have started to sell cheeses and meats as well (all of which are excellent, btw). I'm a fan, and I usually eagerly await for the shop to open because it's awesome to have some local places to get produce when it's fresh and in season! I began my relationship with PrairiErth Farm at the Downtown Bloomington Farmer's Market.  From the start, I could tell that they really care about the food they produce and their customers' well being.  Hans, Katie, and Dave are experienced and well read farmers.  They are what the modern farmer should be...a good steward of the land and not a factory operation.

What brought me to PrairiErth Farm was my desire to buy and eat lean, organic, grass-fed beef...which they have and it is awesome.  You can taste the difference in quality compared to the "big-box" stores.  I know what is, and more importantly, what is not in the beef that I buy from PrairiErth Farm.  I like to tell people that you can take a drive out to Atlanta and practically meet the cow you're going to eat.

If you want to save some money in the long run, buying in bulk is the way to go.  We chose to buy a quarter cow to fill our deep freeze and that was a good volume of meat for a family of 2 adults and one toddler.  If you've never done anything like that before (like us), Dave makes the process easy.

I was part of their first Crop Share Association and was very pleased with the selection and quality of the veggies that I received every week.  I'm happy to be back for year two.

The bottom line: Awesome people, high quality meat and veggies.  I highly recommend them. Good mix of sellers, dog-friendly.

It's in the Palatine Metra station parking lot, free weekend parking across the tracks, near the park with a gazebo.

Downtown Palatine has some nice stuff within walking distance of the market, I could see myself taking some guests to Palatine on the Metra, wandering around for a bit, then take the train back with a few drinks in us 

I'll be back! Small but nice selection of vendors selling quality products. They have a taco and tamale stand this year. The food is very good. I typically pick up a few organic chicken tamales for home. The grilled cheese sandwich from Katic Breads is also outstanding. Easy parking at the Palatine train station.  I like to eat healthy and organic when possible -  I frequent Katic Breads (beware this bread is sinfully good you will become addicted), Arlington Crest Farms, Hasselman Farm but all of the vendors are good and sell quality products. You have to have a mindset that the Palatine Farmers market is a small FM serving mainly Palatine/NW suburban peeps.  I admit I was disappointed at the size the 1st time I came here; but, my previous experiences with a FM was during my college years at UW Madison where I frequented the Dane County FM which is the largest in the US.

The Palatine FM has something for everyone! Artesian breads, cheeses (try the blue cheese/brie combo!), several local and nearby states produce vendors, coffee (not just the Starbucks nearby), dog treats, bakeries, spices, jarred pickled treats, grass fed meats, eggs, flowers, popcorn, knife sharpening guy/girl, nut free granola, mini donuts (my kids always love this stand!), arts/crafts and even a musician.

The FM is located by the Palatine Metra station; there is always plenty of parking nearby.  Since it's a smaller FM, it doesn't take long to go through everything, so it's nice to spend that extra time exploring downtown Palatine.  Lots of great places to eat and check out the small shops.  It's always great to support local!! If you're already in the area, the Palatine Farmers Market is a decent place to spend 5-7 minutes perusing the stands, but it's not something I'd say you should drive out of your way for. 

It deserves mention that this market has come a long way since my first few visits in 2012 where they had maybe 5 vendors and one of them were girl scouts that weren't selling girl scout cookies. Kinda weird. 

Nowadays they have more vendors and variety - they even had a guy singing and playing guitar here last weekend that really made it seem like more of an event. 

The presentation at most of tables isn't much to write home about. In fact, a lot of the tents just look like they're storing an extra folding table - not really having any goods or services to sell, but there are a quite a few that spice up Saturday mornings in downtown Palatine. 

I really like the bread vendors and the spice vendors and I'm always tempted to purchase plants and herbs to grow even though I know the reality of it would be me just buying them to watch them die. 

There's one vendor that sells a variety of meats that's usually pretty hoppin' and I think the knife sharpening/survival bracelet making guy is pretty popular as well. 

Again, not really worth going out of your way for, but there's enough stuff happening in downtown Palatine on any given Saturday morning into afternoon that you could make a half day out of coming here. This market is tucked in the parking lot of the Palatine Metra Station with convenient free parking. What it lacks in size, it makes up with quality vendors. 

My fiance and I get up early ever Saturday to not miss the Farm Fresh Eggs from Hasselmann Family Farms. Definitely try their sausages or bacon. (Or anything else from them.) We are excited about their pasture raised turkeys for this year's Thanksgiving dinner!  

We had every knife in our kitchen sharpened by Knife Sharpener Kris Southard. He even made a house call for our remaining blades and scissors. Excellent work.

We just discovered High Rise Bakery's Artisan Garlic Loaf - it hardly made it 2 days before we finished it all. The gal asked if we like garlic as it had whole cloves inside - she wasn't kidding! 

Finish the trip off with a look at La Spiceria and the cheese booth (so help me I cannot say no to the raspberry ale cheddar).

THE PRODUCE - top notch: heirloom varieties, the sweetest cantaloupe, radishes, garlic, kale, berries and fruits, herbs, greens, peppers, potatoes, onions, mushrooms, on and on. Did I mention heirloom varieties of carrots, tomatoes, and more? So amazing for yourself or entertaining guests. CSA's are available early in the season and for the following year at the end.

Very relaxed environment and extremely friendly and helpful vendors. Great for those looking for local organic produce as well as families with small children and those who want to bring their dog. 

Enjoy! A nice farmers market with lots of quality vendors. I would give it 5 stars but it's a little smaller than I would like. There's something for everyone though and having Starbucks nearby and live music makes for a relaxing, fun outdoor shopping experience. One of the better Farmers Markets in the NW Burbs.  There is a lady here that sells the most phenomenal foccacia bread and almond croissants.  They have a wide variety of produce from several vendors... spinach, rhubarb, green beans, mushrooms..you name it, if it's in season, they will have it!  They also have vendors that sell jams, fresh noodles, peppers, dog treats, fresh donuts, flowers, knick knacks ... seriously there is something here for everyone!  AND there is a guy that sharpens knives here for a decent price!  I got 4 knives and a pair of scissors sharpened for less than 25, plus a free sharpening for one knife for future use.  My knives are insanely sharp now.  There is always live music, plenty of parking, and a bathroom at the train station about 5 steps up from a porta potty.  Plus a Starbucks for the caffeine/tea needy.  Seriously you can't go wrong here on a Saturday morning especially with ample street parking.  I'll see you there!! The market has it all, or almost all anyway! 
There is live music, plenty of parking. There is quite a few farmers that come from Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin. There are booths with Pastas, Pickles, Teas, Eggs and Bacon, Dog Treats, Ceramics, Breads, and freshly made mini donuts!! 
The Market is Dog friendly and some shoppers even bring cats! 
If you like shopping and helping your community this is the place to visit! I love the farmers market....love all thr fresh produce....i just wish it was warm all year round so we could have it all year round! I'm a full fledged supporter of the local growers and business that are fixtures at Farmer's Market in Palatine. My family and I will miss the Farmer's Market when it shuts down for the season. The Palatine French Farmer's Market is on Saturday mornings near the train station.   I like that I can get sustainably farmed buffalo meat and produce.   I've been picking up my herbs from there in the spring.  The nut and fruit loaded pumpernickel bread from High Rise Bakery in Chicago has become a staple.  And there's music!  If I'm home on a Saturday, I'm there! I LOVE the LSL farmers market. We always get the tamales, the Companion Bread, and veggies. It's so awesome to support the local farmers/vendors. You pay a little more sometimes, but you know it's not coming from Mexico! Finally making it to a Farmers Market of course on the hottest day so far!!!  it wasn't what I expected tho :-( There were more crafty vendors than the standard 'fruit, veggies & meat' vendors. I did buy some honey, beeswax chapstick, healing ointment and a fresh tamale!!-YUM!! 
So we were excited to buy some fresh farm eggs yet disappointed we had to pass!!! Is it me or would anyone else pay 7.00 a carton?? I can get cage free HMO free at the grocery between 2.59-4.00...I'll stick with the farmers being at my market! 
Saw some amazing handcrafted jewelry, stones and beads from all over the world! 
One place I will now visit Becuz of here is an all natural store in Wenztville which make soaps, lotions, sprays, candles etc ALL NATURAL OILS! Go lemongrass healers!!!! I'll be honest I'm not a big "farmer's market" person so I've only been to a couple.  We hit this one on opening weekend here in 2017 and I was fairly impressed.  Plenty of vendors, *everyone* was incredibly nice and friendly (shout out to the "Tamale Guy").  Everything we bought was excellent and we'll definitely be making this a regular Saturday outing. The Lake Saint Louis Farmers and Artists market is really great for local produce and goods. The produce and meat at the market has to have been grown or raised within 100 miles of the market which means you're getting local goods. This limits the shopping a bit to only the items in season but I'd rather have local than more selection. In May, there were a lot of produce stands with asparagus, greens, zucchini, squash, and tomatoes. Lots of vendors with farm fresh eggs and a few meat vendors. There were also bread and dessert vendors. 

I'm not as interested in the artist goods as the produce but there were a lot of vendors. Everything from jewelry to flowers to wood products. I also saw local honey and mushrooms (morels!) around. 

The market is located in the front parking lot of The Meadows shopping mall and there's plenty of parking for everyone. Most vendors are cash or check only. This is a pretty solid farmer's market with a good variety of vendors and thus, a variety of produce to be had.  Also, this is a producers only market so you won't be seeing some vendors dumping stuff out of a bag they got off a produce train.

It's quite a bit bigger this year than last year with a lot more "artisan craft" vendors.  I'm not interested in those in the least, but it should count for something.

I would say this place is about the same as the Ferguson Farmer's market in terms of variety but in terms of the produce and plants we've gotten the quality's been excellent.

*Edit* - Apparently yelp liked to change the business location over the Glen Carbon.... yeah no it's over in Lake St. Louis :P Great local vendors that sell items, such as fresh fruits and vegetables, baked goods, and handmade items. A few of the vendors that I have visited were Edge of Sweatness (local bake shop) ; Eternal Harmony; Edgewater Candles, and Empanadas Argentinas, which has a variety of empanadas, and they are reasonably priced.

The event itself is Saturday's; rain or shine; June - October, and located in the Broadway Armory Parking lot; not too far from CTA Thorndale, and not too crowded of an event. As for commuting, i recommended catching the train, but if you wish to drive there is neighborhood parking; as well as a slim selection of metered street parking. This Saturday morning market is a great addition to the neighborhood! It's not as large as the Lincoln Square market, but there are two farm stands, and each offers a wide variety of high quality seasonal produce at great prices. There's also a cheese monger and one or two bakery stands, plus Amazing Kale Burger, which, if you haven't tried it yet, is hearty and delicious! There's a bank right across the street if you need to visit the ATM. I just wish there was someone selling flowers! I'm a fan. it's not flashy or fancy, it's understated, but it has everything you need -- two great produce stands with a wide selection of seasonal veggies and fruits, a FANTASTIC cheese stand, and a smattering of pastry (Kate's cookies is almost always there, and then there's a random cupcake person, or a brownie person). I've never sampled the kale burger but folks seem to like it. What I love about this market is that it's unpretentious, friendly, and affordable. A somewhat limited selection but what they have is excellent.  The stand I like comes from Southwestern Michigan, great selection of fresh organic apples, peanut cashew or almond butter, honey, cider, at reasonable prices.  Although the limited number of vendors makes this place not quite worth coming out of your way for, add in lunch at the nearby Ethio Diamond, a stop at the Ethiopian grocer across the street for some excellent coffee beans and injera, or maybe a lunch at Daks Korean restaurant, and voila, it is worth going a little out of your way for. It's close to my place. The cheese guy is pretty great there. But the compliments end there. Even just a couple booths more and I would be a bigger fan. Or add a booth with some bread and another with some eggs and meat and I could piece together a meal here. New and improved!!! or something like that.

It's blowing away the competition (A-ville market), the prices are better and the selection is vast. They also carry plant-able herbs, breads, cookies, snacks, live music (provided by Old Town School of Folk Music), and taro chips (which are my favorite). I'm pretty much coming here every Saturday morning now. $20.00 got me more then a weeks worth of produce and a few snacks.

FYI, no soap sold here!! And there is one stand that is still expensive, look around before you purchase. This farmers market is not that big, but it doesn't mean it can't still be good! They have all of your usual basics: Fresh fruits and veggies, flowers, pastries, jams, bread, and cheese. They have some AMAZING cheese curds here. A friend of mine recommended them and she was right. Squeak so good. Some vendors take credit cards, others do not. They are open on Saturday mornings. OK, It's not big. I'll give you that. But it has all the basics. Fresh fruits and vegetables at a much more reasonable price than Evanston or  Andersonville. So, if you want it to stick around or even get larger, support local! The Hispanic guy in the corner stall is very friendly and always treats me well and his tomatoes are the bomb! I used to regularly walk to this market and had some stands that I purchased from.  I have become disenchanted.  They sell tomatoes by weight.  WEIGHT.  The Andersonville farmers market offers a much better selection and deal.

I paid 4.50 for 2 tomatoes last weekend and they were not very good.  
$4.50 .  

I can spend a bit more at the Andersonville market and get 8-10 additional tomatoes classified as seconds (the 2 I bought were just as bruised).  For 3 dollars more, I can get at least 4 additional in perfect condition.  

I strongly feel that this market is overpriced.


If you have to have fresh tomatoes NOT from the grocery store (I find myself in this predicament - OFTEN), this market is here.  Just be prepared to pay overly much for the products.  The merchants ARE friendly.  It can be crowded.  Maybe some day it will grow into a real competitor in the farmers market stakes here in the city.  For now, to me, it serves as a convenient stop when I have missed the others. Tiny.  I didn't do an exact count, but the two times I went by, it looked like only 7 or so vendors.  If you live within walking distance, it might be nice to stop by.  Otherwise, it's not at all worth going out of your way for. Pretty small, just a few stands....but definitely worth a stop if you live in the neighborhood. 

Got a big, overflowing heap of luscious blueberries for $4. And then 3/$1 Cukes, Bell Peppers and Zucchini. Everything was pretty fresh, and definitely a good deal...also have some booths with massage, soaps, etc. Very community-based. 

Not bad, very friendly...right by True Nature Foods, on Norwood. Ample street/meter parking. Buying local doesn't get any better. Personable service along with fresh fruits and vegetables. I cannot wait to see what the season will bring us. I'm not sure which word best describes this farmer's market: sad or pathetic. I think it's a tie. I completely agree with Colleen C. - this is worth a stop if you live nearby. I rode my bike a couple miles to get here and after seeing how small it was thought, well at least I got some exercise on the way here...

Everything they had looked fresh. I'm guessing there will be more produce later on in the season. 

I will keep this farmer's market in mind but will venture to others. Great standby if you live in the area.  As others have noted, this market is small, but kept us happy with fresh produce, from farms usually no further away than SW Michigan, for a very decent price.  Very good selection, too, for such a small market.  Especially, you know, in late summer and early fall.

Some breads and fresh pasta, too.  Pricey if you know how to make your own, but my tastebuds agree that they'd be worth the splurge.

Connected to True Nature, which is a great stop as well.  

I only wish their season was longer.  I think I just saw that they don't start until July 4 this year?  What about my spring veggies?  

Still, very glad Edgewater has this little institution.  And glad to have lived so close these past few years! i love having a farmer's market in our neighborhood !

thanks paula of true nature ! Love this event, always come home with a happy tummy, and a few extra purchases to share with the family. My fave.....Jeanette's Patisserie booth! DE-LISH organic baked goods...come on, who doesn't love Sangria scones or German chocolate brownies? ;) I was excited to visit this market since I live nearby, but it was disappointing. The market was tiny, with just three produce stalls, only one of which was run by a farm - the rest are just produce vendors selling the same stuff you can buy at a grocery store. There was a bakery or two, a cheese-monger, and a couple people selling sauces and things. If you're like me and go to farmer's markets to buy fresh, seasonal produce directly from the growers, look elsewhere. we lived a block away from this market for about 4 years. my  wife and i would look forward to waking up on saturday and walking over and picking up fresh veggies for the week. The name of the main farm that has the largest stand there escapes me but the 2 ppl that work it are super nice. There was always a great selection of green leafy's, peppers, tomatoes, basil, corn, cucumbers, etc. of the other tables there are choices of fresh fruit and artisan bread. it is one of the few things I will miss about our old neighborhood. This market is wonderful! From late June to October, we go every week. The main farmer has a large assortment of vegetables and some fruit. We usually end up buying lots of green and red bell peppers, broccoli, carrots, cauliflower, lettuce, hot peppers (they have like 5 different types!), watermelon, cantaloupe, onions, green onions, and much more. Of course some of the items change throughout the season but a lot of the items they actually have the whole season (like bell peppers). And...everything is ORGANIC! They are not officially certified but say they would not farm any other way. Also, the prices are really good compared to other markets I have been to like Green City Market. You can usually get 3 green peppers for $2.00. Cheaper than Dominick's and it's organic and local. 

There are also some other stands. There is another farmer that has some more specialty organic greens and veges. Then toward the end of the season there is an apple farmer with delicious organic apples and apple cider. True Nature also has a stand with some items they get from a local farmer. 

Definitely worth the stop - you will not be disappointed! I LOVE the LSL farmers market. We always get the tamales, the Companion Bread, and veggies. It's so awesome to support the local farmers/vendors. You pay a little more sometimes, but you know it's not coming from Mexico! Finally making it to a Farmers Market of course on the hottest day so far!!!  it wasn't what I expected tho :-( There were more crafty vendors than the standard 'fruit, veggies & meat' vendors. I did buy some honey, beeswax chapstick, healing ointment and a fresh tamale!!-YUM!! 
So we were excited to buy some fresh farm eggs yet disappointed we had to pass!!! Is it me or would anyone else pay 7.00 a carton?? I can get cage free HMO free at the grocery between 2.59-4.00...I'll stick with the farmers being at my market! 
Saw some amazing handcrafted jewelry, stones and beads from all over the world! 
One place I will now visit Becuz of here is an all natural store in Wenztville which make soaps, lotions, sprays, candles etc ALL NATURAL OILS! Go lemongrass healers!!!! I'll be honest I'm not a big "farmer's market" person so I've only been to a couple.  We hit this one on opening weekend here in 2017 and I was fairly impressed.  Plenty of vendors, *everyone* was incredibly nice and friendly (shout out to the "Tamale Guy").  Everything we bought was excellent and we'll definitely be making this a regular Saturday outing. The Lake Saint Louis Farmers and Artists market is really great for local produce and goods. The produce and meat at the market has to have been grown or raised within 100 miles of the market which means you're getting local goods. This limits the shopping a bit to only the items in season but I'd rather have local than more selection. In May, there were a lot of produce stands with asparagus, greens, zucchini, squash, and tomatoes. Lots of vendors with farm fresh eggs and a few meat vendors. There were also bread and dessert vendors. 

I'm not as interested in the artist goods as the produce but there were a lot of vendors. Everything from jewelry to flowers to wood products. I also saw local honey and mushrooms (morels!) around. 

The market is located in the front parking lot of The Meadows shopping mall and there's plenty of parking for everyone. Most vendors are cash or check only. This is a pretty solid farmer's market with a good variety of vendors and thus, a variety of produce to be had.  Also, this is a producers only market so you won't be seeing some vendors dumping stuff out of a bag they got off a produce train.

It's quite a bit bigger this year than last year with a lot more "artisan craft" vendors.  I'm not interested in those in the least, but it should count for something.

I would say this place is about the same as the Ferguson Farmer's market in terms of variety but in terms of the produce and plants we've gotten the quality's been excellent.

*Edit* - Apparently yelp liked to change the business location over the Glen Carbon.... yeah no it's over in Lake St. Louis :P Cute little farmers market.... But shame on you New lenox... You've got Frankfort to compete with!! You've got to step it up!!

There are booths at Frankfort's farmers as big as your entire market!?!?

I have however got some super fresh Morels at this tiny market...

Let's bring our A game in 2014!!! Nothing local, and the entire thing is about the size of my living room.  Good stuff, but tiny.  I went expecting to spend a nice morning with my kids, and instead I was driving home about 15 minutes later.  Let's step up our game next year!! New year and it still SUCKS!  I am so disappointed about this too.  There is truly nothing else to say. Only one produce booth and not local. Where is the community? A waste of time. So glad I found this on its last night! I just went to Asia this summer and have been missing the night markets there. The Argyle Night Market isn't huge, but it was enough to give me a small taste of what I've been missing. 

They close off a small portion of the street (one block) and the restaurants there set up small shops/tents and sell their food. Everything was super cheap and we got a nice meal from it. 

Live music, lots of people, yummy food and a sense of community. Loved it! I hope they can expand in the future and make it bigger! Not the extensive and brimming with food stalls Asian night markets that I'm used to. The food options are pretty slim; you're limited to some meat kabobs and fried offerings. They nowhere near represent the array of Vietnamese food you can find in Argyle. The music is nice, although the night market should take place at a later time; 5-9pm is still an early time slot to be considered a night market. I wouldn't come during repeated weeks, but maybe once a year to see if any of the stalls are updated. This market is a trip. Don't expect a farmer's market - this year there has been only 1 produce vendor with limited supply. Instead, expect delicious Vietnamese food vendors, diverse entertainment, and excellent people watching. Kie-Gol-Lanee, the Oaxacan spot on Sheridan, also has a stand this year with delicious tacos, tamales, and huitlacoche blue corn quecas (quesadillas). Entertainment has included Latin jazz, soul, urban, Hawaiian, Mexican folkloric, taiko drumming, and community drum circles. The music attracts local characters who are fun to watch and dance with. This market might push you outside of your comfort zone, but give it a try! Such a wonderful mix of cuisines, great music, and happy people! Love to see the community coming together on Argyle to put on this wonderful weekend event! Small night market with some typical and some interesting ready to eat food, mostly inexpensive.  Mostly SE Asian stalls that represent the area restaurants. Wish it was bigger with more stalls but the stalls were varied and the place was not too crowded. Some harder to find items like Huilacoche in home made blue corn tortilla quesadilla, skewers of beef wrapped in betel leaf (?la lo lop) chicken guabao, makes this a worthwhile destination on a summer Thursday night. There are also food to go, including those yummy Phoenix tofu in their killer sauces. This market needs work. I was hoping for a lot of stalls full of weird produce and unusual street food, and LATE NIGHT snacks. The reality is a few stalls of vegan makeup and stuff deep fried in tempura. Also, the "late" only goes until 9 PM? What! The restaurants in this area are spot on, and I suppose that's draw enough. This fest has been going on for several years now, and I want to see it expand and really be a thing. I'm glad that it's here, but it needs to grow, grow, grow! Mainly food stalls and only one block long, but the music and ambience are nice and the food is solid & reasonably priced. Not too crowded. Wow! I can't believe I only heard about this market this year! We stopped by tonight and it was great! Live music, cheap food, great weather--whats not to like??? For $9 I was able to buy a large portion of chicken noodles, fresh papaya salad and a delicious pork skewer.  The street was closed off from traffic which made it easy to walk around.  It was a small area where the vendors were set up but I liked the intimacy of it all.  It wasn't overly crowded which was great but there was not a lot of seating on the sidewalks to eat our food. Maybe next year they can set up some tables for patrons to eat at? Super easy to get to --right off the Argyle Red line stop.  I will be back!! How is it Argyle Night Market has no reviews?!  Located on Argyle St, it's an area known predominantly for it's Vietnamese and other varying ethnicities from the South East Asian community.  If you want Pho you come to Argyle.  There are some who are beginning to call Argyle "little Chinatown," but that's just inaccurate. Argyle is an amalgam of varying ethnicities and although Chinese is present, it's a disserrvice to the majority of restaurants, groceries, and peoples to lump this neighborhood into some "part 2" of Chinatown.  

It's not.

Argyle is Argyle.  The Argyle Night Market is one block that holds a market similar to what one would find in Southeast Asia on any given evening, except much smaller, and much less food options. 

But here's what I love, and why I chose to live in Uptown over all other areas of the city: Diversity, and pride in that diversity.  White, brown, black, and all shades inbetween, old folks in their wheelchairs, a band twanging out country music, boyfriends holding hands, mixed couples buying fruit from the farmer's stand, it's palpable.  And it's important. 

I hear a lot of classist folks hem and haw over Uptown,  the main complaint being that Uptown "is ghetto." I hate that word, and I hate when it comes out of a certain type of person's mouth - mainly those who stick to Lincoln Park and get scared by the sight of brown folks, or poverty, or homelessness, or people with obvious mental health struggles walking about in the community.  Uptown is diverse in those ways, as well.  It also hosts a large number of nursing homes. Uptown also has high rises that scrape the sky, gorgeous homes in Buena Park, historic sites, and although going through gentrification it has been known for years as a place where residents want to nourish the idea of mixed income neighborhoods. It has had it's controversies, and there's no denial of some of the struggles, but if you miss out on the Argyle Market due to some unreasonable and foolish fear then we can't be friends. 

Argyle, and the Uptown community, is a vibrant and beautiful community with deep ties and a deep pride in all that makes it resilient and everchanging.  It boasts itself as the most diverse and most populated area of Chicago, this is something to love and contribute time and energy to. This is what makes Chicago lovely.

At the night market I bought peaches and white potatoes from a farm stand, tried tofu from a local Vietnamese family business located on Argyle St., tried blueberry lavender ice cream from a white guy with islands tattooed on his calves, took a flier from a black man promoting the night circus in the parks,  bought noodles and lemongrass chicken from a Vietnamese stand, and perused stands selling homemade baked goods, including "Uptown Brownies."  
I watched kids dance and giggle and enjoy the country band that was playing, and I saw people out enjoying their ties to each other.  

Argyle is an important part of Uptown.  The market has ended now, and you missed it.  

You missed it. Small number of fruit and vegetable stands, but a great place to check out some inexpensive Vietnamese street food (pot stickers, fried rice, and etc.), as well as an interesting collection of local vendors, together with a DJ on stage and an eclectic mix of people.  Recommend grabbing a few appetizers at the market, then stopping by a local grocery for some Vietnamese Coffee to take home (we love Trung Nguyen coffee!).  Then, head a block or two to the corner of Broadway and Argyle to have a nice dinner of Pho at Tank Noodle or a Bahn Mi (sandwich) at Ba Le Banh Mi.  Nice way to spend a Thursday evening! Two week ago I was up north near Argyle and. stumbled into Argyle's Night Market. I was driving east on Argyle and the street was blocked off in preparation for the market around 4 o'clock. I watched as the venders built their booths, cooked the food, and displayed their wares. There were many original booth at this market: one woman doing henna tattoos, another selling books, wheat free dog treats, brownies, candy and bakery good. In addition there was one booth selling fruit and vegetables and several restaurants were selling specialties, the scent of foods waft the area motivating visitors to their booths to purchase their food. All age groups participated there were even young adults tie-dying T-shirts to make money for their neighborhood organization. This was no "Wonder Bread Market," this is a weekly event going on  until winter, uniting groups of people. Mixing traditions: styles, art,s, flavors, even the musical presentations from the Argyle Community and the surrounding areas. This is a very interesting market that happens every Thursday night. I would recommend going at least one time to experience it. I was a bit underwhelmed by the Argyle Night Market. Don't expect a Taste of Randolph or Wells Street Art Fair sized street fair. It was literally about one block. There were vendors from some of the local restaurants and Vietnamese grocery stores, but they were mostly selling the same things. We only spent about half an hour at the actual night market, then ended up walking around the Argyle area. Not a bad place to stop by if you're in the area, but I wouldn't make it a destination point. I've decided Farmers Markets are good date spots. This one is even better for me because its close to home. I can walk around and get to know someone (sober) and not worry about blowing my diet on a long dinner. Its perfect! 

Even if you aren't here for a crazy reason this is a great market! I would arrive early. I notice some of the really popular things start selling out as it gets packed. I love buying my fruit and salsa here. I tend to stay away from the baked goods even though the look and smell delicious. Those donuts are seriously torturing me as I walk by. 

I have not been to many of these but people tell me all the time that Frankfort is one of the best. I believe them. Now I just need to remember to walk over on Sunday mornings. There's a few restaurants right near the market if you'd like to make a whole day of it too. This is a fantastic spot to spend a nice Sunday.  If you are out for goods (in and out), come early and move quickly.  The hoards of people start moving in around the noon hour.  Maybe this coincides with church?  

Live music, ready to eat food, fresh veggies, coffee bar, on demand donuts, and organic/grass fed meat.  This market is well put together and is spread out well.  Being in the center of Frankfort allows it plenty of public parking and an opportunity to visit the local shops.  The prices are a bit high for what is offered but we are willing to spend a little more on homemade local goods.

We look forward to this Sunday market and will continue to support the vendors! Went to the farmers maker today and thought it was by far the best farmers market I've ever been at.
Loved all the vendors, food and music in the park.  It was a great way to spend a Sunday morning. Love the Frankfort Farmer's Market. And it is on Sunday from 10-2pm? Score!

Impressive size and variety of available products. No flea market art craft stalls = more room for food booths! 

Love the bruschetta bar and the mini donuts.

Got my knives sharpened while I shopped. Price was right and they were done on time.

Can't wait to get back. Need your knives sharpened?  Want to buy baked goods from French speaking nuns?  How about fresh fruits and vegetables from Michigan?  Plus pie!  Cooking demonstrations and snacks!

Homemade pickles!  Flowers and plants!  

It's a cornucopia of food, people and fun. You can bike, walk or drive here. Bring some money and feel all artisan and sustainable even, dare I say it , hip and cool?

I forgot to mention the popcorn.  There's too much for me to remember, you just have to come here and see. Just be aware that apparently Frankfort dogs are big Farmers's Markets fans because so many people bring them. Not quite sure why, the dogs are into fresh food? First time last weekend the best market I attended this year so sorry I discovered this gem at the end of season. Market located in the middle of town surrounded by quaint shops and cafes with patios. So relaxing. I adore the Frankfort Farmer's Market.  Every year it gets bigger and better and it is a great way to enjoy the town in the summer/early fall months. 

You could do most of your shopping for the week as you can pick up fruits, veggies, pies, organic meat, cheese and canned veggies and preserves.  Everything is fresh and of high quality.  

As the market has grown so have the crowds, but, no worries, the vendors have plenty to go around and the village has added parking over by the old Fox Lumber.  If you get hungry from all of the shopping, you can grab a pizza pop from the Parmesan's booth or some kettle corn and a lemonade shake up from yet a different friendly vendor. This is just a great Farmer's Market! The kids enjoyed it and there was a great mix of fruits, veggies, food, and refreshments! Downtown Frankfort is such a quiet, tranquil area and the people are so friendly. I can't believe this is my first time here! By far the best local farmers market in the area!  Fantastic local produce, flowers and goods. Lots of great food and surrounded by thriving local small businesses. Great live music and always fun activities for the kids. Definitely a must during the summer months! Awesome market. There are lots of vendors and fresh produce. There is a parking lot and street parking. The place is pretty crowded. There is also plenty of room for sitting on the grass or enjoying a picnic. The market is divided into 3 sections. my favorites include the Hawaiian shave ice, fresh shaken lemonade, and kettle-corn popcorn! They also have a vendor that makes fresh green smoothies, which I will have to try next time. Lots of food (didn't get to try the paella this time! :( will try next time as well!) Love this market!! Also I like the fact that lots of the vendors accept credit cards. 

Come check out the market every Sunday from 10-2pm! By far the best farmers market around. Even has a crepe & paella booth from Naples Florida !!! Great market and sometimes dog show (so many people with their dogs) which is fine.  Come hungry! New year and this Farmers/Country Market has gotten even better!  I have to go from four stars to five stars.  Outstanding job Frankfort, are you paying attention New Lenox, Mokena and etc.  It seems like you are not.

You must stop at Katies Passion Kitchen booth.  Every week this place is GREAT.  All we need is for the Paella booth to show up more often then it does.

Definitely stop and give this one a walk through on your Sunday mornings this summer. My favorite Farmer's Market in the area.  We travel here from Oak Lawn at least a couple of times during the season.  Since there is a wonderful bike/walking trail, I like to bring our therapy dog Golden and do a nice day out.  Great vendors, dog & kid friendly.  Can't wait to get back soon! The Frankfort Country Market is alive and well again this summer, emphasis on summer.  Fall is around the corner and since the best stuff is grown locally, get here now or you will miss out.

There are great peaches right now, green beans all over the place, the best sweet corn of the year and red all the way through tomatoes.  The rest of the year you rarely get a tomato that is worth eating, these are.

If you wait a month they will still have pie, pickles and pop corn but you will have missed the ripe fruits and vegetable. Frankfort, like New Lenox, used to have a Farmers Market with a good amount of vendors and variety, but those both seem to dwindle from one year to the next. I remember going to this lovely cookie stand where you could either get a single cookie or a pack of delicious snickerdoodles, sugar cookies, peanut butter cookies, etc. I also remember a vendor that sold pulled BBQ pork tacos, and Buddy's Biscuits, who had a great assortment of dog treats, all at affordable prices! 

Now it seems all that's left are a small collection of local vendors, charging high prices, without much variety. I've heard here and there that anyone who wasn't from Frankfort was pushed out, which I think is how New Lenox's went downhill so fast. 

Oh well, time to find a different Farmers Market! Just returned from opening day at the Frankfort Farmer's Market...the best Farmer's Market South of Chicago.  There is a new vendor this spring called Bakewell Bakery Inc.  It is an outstanding bakery!  Every item is made fresh with all natural ingredients.  My niece and I bought the Cinnamon Apple Coffee Cake, Shortbread Cookies and the Morning Bun.  They were super delicious...thank you to the powers that be in adding another top quality vendor to our market! Much like the other reviewers, I love this farmers' market. Really it's a testament to Frankfort, which as a municipality, just does things right. Whether it's the tree lighting or the summer concerts or this, they just have a style of doing things that is far more elegant than most neighboring towns. But I digress.  This farmer's market has a wide variety of products for sale and it's a lovely place to wander on Sunday's. The prepared food offerings offer a bunch of alternative choices which are enjoyable to try. This brand new Farmer's Market is a replacement for the old one that used to be at the Village Hall (see https://www.yelp.com/biz/orland-park-farmers-market-orland-park?osq=farmers+market). This new Market has longer hours and a more expansive location to make it easier for people to attend. It is now located at the 143rd METRA Station in Orland Park...roughly one block west of LaGrange Road at 142nd Street. 

The Market is held on Thursdays only...from May 25 to August 31. Hours are from 4pm to 8pm. If you happened to be a METRA rider, you will find the Market as soon as you jump off the train at night. Besides adding some live entertainment at this location, the number of vendors is expected to grow substantially as customers find the site. Right now there are about two dozen vendors. 

The vendors are much like those that were visiting the old Farmer's Market, but this location will eventually attract many additional vendors. Food and food trucks, notions, candles, honey, fresh fruit and vegetables, and many Orland Park businesses are here. For example, the University of Chicago medical people are represented ... even more so because they have a new four story facility just a couple hundred feet away. 

This new Market is worth trying...it is just one more example of the Village trying to upgrade its offerings to the public. Recommended. I came here with my family for the first time to pick the last of the strawberries before the season officially ends on July 4th. This farm is so simple and modest, nothing but fields of fruit (no cafes, shops, farm animals, etc). 

The strawberries taste sweet and are very reasonably priced - it was $8 for a 4 quart basket (mind you these baskets are actually quite large). While the strawberries are small in comparison to what you find at the grocery store, I feel comfortable knowing that these probably haven't been treated with GMOs and are the real deal. 

Parking is free and you literally start picking right away after you park and get baskets. You pay on the way out after you finish picking (note: it's cash only). Will definitely be coming back again for raspberries in the fall and strawberries next year! Today was my first time at a local strawberry farm. I loved it!! The weather was perfect and the view of the acres of greenery with splashes of red strawberries throughout the field. Parking was free which was nice. You can pickup a box and just walk throughout all the fields to pick the ripest strawberries yourself. You pay at the end by how many boxes were filled ($9/box) it's avoidable, great time with family/friends, wonderful way to enjoy the weather, and great way to support a local farmer. We picked a mass amount of strawberries!! The strawberries were the size of raspberries this year but were as sweet as ever (size expected due to mass amounts of heat and sun this year). Hoping for a 5 star next year with increase strawberry amounts/sizes. We had so much fun and i be returning!! Every year we come here at least once for strawberries, because they are delicious, its a lot of them, easy to pick and price is reasonable. I always freeze some and also make strawberry rhubarb jam. My kids love this farm:) Strawberry season is winding down but that didn't stop my me and my son from trying to get some u-pick-em action this week. Our go-to (Stade's) was almost picked over per a phone call I made to them. Another farm was completely done for the season per their FB status. So a phone call to Thompson's confirmed they still had berries for the season...they were small, she said, but still lots of berries left. 

Thompson's is just a short ride away from the Brat Stop, so getting there from Chicago was a quick breeze. My son and I arrived about 1 hour after opening and there was a small crowd picking.  But by the time we left (11am) the crowd size had doubled.  I wouldn't be surprised if they were done with the season in the next couple days. 

Thompson's is much smaller than Stade's but it's a plain old pick-your-own type farm.
And I LOVE that. No playgrounds, no petting zoos.  Just a family run orchard that provides a great product and fun experience for folks who love berries. 

You're given baskets and given free reign to pick strawberries in fields designated for you.  They also had a stand where you can buy fresh strawberries, already in the baskets.  But the weather was perfect so we spent a few hours picking. The strawberries were on the smaller, but they were so sweet and juicy. We paid 24 bucks for 3 baskets (roughly 12 quarts). 
Cash only.

The folks running the place were really nice. Family friendly fun with a great reward.  Dirty shoes, strawberry stained hands and mild body aches from the stooping and bending.  But we're excited for home made jam, home made strawberry sauce, strawberry milk shakes and strawberry vodka (ok I'm excited about that last one).   

We are sure to visit again.  Raspberries are next at Thompson's in the fall! Then the pumpkins! Awesome, awesome, awesome fresh strawberries!!! Super friendly and helpful staff! We stopped when they opened on Saturday morning and the farm was busy!!! Thankfully they had plenty of just picked fresh strawberries to purchase. If you feel like picking your own that's an option as well. Strawberries are tasty and sweet! We had a lot of fun. First time visiting this farm and we liked it. Great location!!! 

Definitely will visit again. This is such a cute little farm! Thanks to Aimee M. for coming here and writing a great review. My friends and I stopped here right before the cut-off date for strawberries (which is July 4th). The strawberries are small, but they are packed full of flavor. The fields smell of strawberries, that's how good they are. It's $8 for a huge basket, which isn't bad considering they are organic. It didn't take us long to browse the fields and fill up a basket. There are porter potties, and fields. That's about it! They also have pumpkins and raspberries later in the year. And don't forget, it is cash only. I would definitely come back! It's the peak of strawberry season and our family had a great time picking a box. It was moderately busy when we went, but there was still plenty of strawberries for the picking. Parking is free, and there's a central truck with young people folding boxes for anyone to grab and fill with goodies. For strawberries it was 8 dollars for a full box (4 quarts I think). The fields are loaded, and you can  munch on as many as you want as a "sample."

Thompson's is also open for raspberries and pumpkins around fall. I come all the time and you should too. 

BTW. If you don't want to pick your own, you can buy a box of fruit already picked for you so you can go home and make up a story for all your friends on how you're one with the earth. Prices are reasonable, if you buy 5, you get 1 free. Can be tiring buts it's worth t to get fresh strawberries. The employees were nice and helpful. The strawberries were delicious. Parking was easy and the area was clean. Only place I have been to pick strawberries but I'd definitely come back. We have passed this place many times and finally decided to stop.  They didn't have any strawberries though which was a little disappointing but they did have raspberries which was fine because my son and husband like raspberries.  They give you a nice sized basket for $8 and you can fill it up.  We filled ours to the top since it was the same price no matter how much it is filled.  There were quite a few people there picking.  I would definitely want to come back here when they have strawberry picking.  I am not sure when that is.  I wish they g a d a sign in front saying what they had growing.  Other than that, I am glad we stopped for a 20 minute detour. So I'm a little behind on my Yelping. Its October and I'm reviewing a place I was at in June. The season lasts about four weeks and this year the picking season was delayed as it was for most crops.

The process is simple. You get a basket and you pick. You pay on your way out. Picking was easy because the berries were abundant. They also have pre-picked berries.

And if you're coming from Chicago, don't forget to stop by the mall in Pleasant Prairie. I found this place en route to Lake Geneva today, and my mom happened to catch the farm and wanted to check it out after we came back from the lake. The farm was wide and spacious. I was expecting to pick up pre=picked strawberries at the farm stand, but instead there was an opportunity to pick out strawberries which was an awesome opportunity to take on. We came at the tail end of the strawberry season. There were many mini strawberries to pick from and came home with maybe 3 quarts which I paid $5 for. Certainly worth a return trip. My friend and I checked their website status before going. We went to pick raspberries in September. It was $8.00/quart. The farm was cute and busy. I wish they have a small shop or restaurant. We were a little hungry and thirsty at one point. It was a fun fruit picking experience. I'll come back for strawberry picking next year So even on the day before the last day of the season, the berries were adorable and Super sweet !! The staff was so nice and cheerful. My family and I are definitely going back in a couple of months for raspberry season !! Such a great way to spend a morning! The berries were tiny but very sweet and the whole place had a very laid back vibe. I would definitely recommend taking a family trip here. Now if only they sold their cute t-shirts.... We've been here twice now (got rained out the second time, so maybe technically just once), and it's really a great experience. We have so many strawberries from last July that we are still taking them from the freezer a year later! The people here are very friendly and helpful (even offering advice on where to pick and what strawberries are good for pies or jams), and the prices are great. We haven't come for raspberries yet, but we're planning a return trip to do that. It's pretty kind friendly too, and a trip here would make for a nice day outside for the whole family without question. We went for U-pick raspberries the weekend of September 14th and there were tons on the bushes! They were very friendly and laid back there-the rows in between the bushes are well kept and the plants aren't that thorny. $3.50 for a pint and you can fit a ton of berries in the pint (and also in your mouth-I ate way too many). There is only a Port-o-potty for the toilet, so go before you go! Will go in June for strawberry picking and return next year for Raspberries again! Had a wonderful time and the process was easy to get in and out. The strawberries were good and it was a good way to spend time with the family...ok a good way to compete with members of the family. Drove past this place on the way to Lake Geneva from Chicago and made a note to stop on the way back.  My little 5 year old had been strawberry picking when he was 3 in California and loved it, and this experience was just as wonderful... if not better!  The farm is darling... very clean and cute, and the staff working (mostly teenagers?) were all so sweet.  You pick up your cardboard basket (which is equivalent to three little baskets at the farmers' market) and go fill it up... and then pay $8 per basket on the way out.  Such a great deal!  The farm is spacious and there are rows upon rows of wonderful strawberries.  They line each row with straw so you don't have to walk on mud, which is really nice.  Overall... a wonderful experience!  BTW... I was told by the farmers in California to pick the red ones (versus the ones nearly red) since, once picked, strawberries will not continue to ripen/sweeten. I have went to this food market several times and I enjoyed the fresh produce.  There's free parking and you will see a lot of the same vendors when you go to this particular food market.  The food is fresh and the prices are good.  I usually go early in the morning as possible just because they can run out of food. However, I haven't had any problems with not getting what I wanted when I went to this food market except for once due to the vendor selling out of the bread. It's not super packed so you can still move around comfortably you will see families as well as people with their dogs walking around the food market as well. When I go I usually spend about $30 and I walk out with a decent amount of fresh produce. The Aurora's Farmers Market is opened on Saturdays (June through October) from 8:00 a.m. until 12 Noon.  This market takes place in the parking lot of the Aurora Metra train station.  There is plenty of free parking in the lot.  The market is not very big, but still fun to walk. There are local vendors selling donuts, coffee, cheese, soap, vegetables, fruit, seafood, etc.

Sample pricing:
Broccoli - $3/lb
Baby Eggplant - $5/lb
Squash - $2/lb
Garlic Scapes - $3/bunch
Blueberries - $6/box
Blackberries - $4/box
Green onions - $1/bunch
Mini donuts - $1/3 donuts
Empanada - $2
Salmon burger - $5

....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ ) Excellent produce..big selection of very fresh fruit and veggies. The people are all very nice and informative. They have a few stands with odds and ins such as dog collars or hair bows and hand made beaded jewelry that is really cute. Bought my daughters some hair bows(chicago bears and cubs themed..2 for $7) that they love and its very reasonable priced. The produce itself is kinda pricey but well worth it. We got some Michigan peaches that were to die for and the best broccoli ive ever had. Def would recommend. Always a fun time from digging through tulip greens for bulbs to getting the most awesome apple cider and apple cider donuts, there are flowers and crafts and veggies and the most scrumptious empanadas you could ever eat. Don't forget your four legged friends, pick up some dog treats and listen to the wonderful live music as you stroll through the booths every Saturday morning... I have been going to this market every week to every other week and have found some good deals. Some things are pricey, but pretty comparable with organic produce at the grocery store. I had some strawberries from the market and they almost didn't make it home. 100% worth the $5 for the box. My favorite stands are the Cheese People, Bread of Heaven and the central western most grocery stand. The one in the southwest corner is great as well. That woman is willing to make a deal which I appreciate. And her produce is from Sterling which is neat. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because its a bit pricey. The food stands are awesome, even though they are a bit pricey, its still worth going just to eat once or twice in a season. The bratwurst and Mexican food stands are great. They've got mini-donuts there as well if you're not carb and sugar watching like I am. Dear AFM (as I've casually decided to dub you), 

Thank you for your deliciousness this summer/fall. I am certainly going to miss you come October, when there's a lonely gap in the ATC parking lot on Saturday mornings. 

Where oh where will I buy the most perfect grape tomatoes when I can't get them from Josie's booth?

How will I survive without the fresh pulled red onions of joy?

What about Dad's Roadhouse salsas and sauces?

The sweet cakes and breads?

The hot sauce?!

The fresh tamales made at the Chinese food booth? (I'm serious, they rock!)

Most importantly, where in the suburbs am I going to find the freshest and best cheese around, if I can't stop to see Rick at the cheese booth courtesy of The Cheese People of Beloit? Do I really gotta drive to Wisconsin? *Sad face* I can't choose the cheese that I'll miss the most, but I will list a few of my favorites:

Fresh Cheese Curds (Tuscan blend were phenom)
Smoked String Cheese (tastes like camping!)
Goat Gouda (Gouda is good-ah!)
Sweet Cream Pistachio Log (*drool*)
Amish Baby Swiss (Oh, gawd I think I'm going to cry)

I will impatiently await your return while biting my nails in anticipation. 

Seriously. 

No, I really mean it.

Love,

Me. This Farmers Market is located in the parking lot of the Aurora train station.  There are about a couple dozen tents with a variety of offerings including: produce, plants, baked goods, several food and product vendors, and a few crafters.  This is a pretty small farmers market, but worth dropping by for a break if you are in the area.  The overall visit should take 1/2 hour or less.

Favorite Vendor = Dick's Donuts!  
Dick's Donuts sells mini donuts made fresh on the spot.  Top them off with sugar, cinnamon sugar, or powdered sugar.  They also offer smoothies.  The gentlemen are friendly and funny to interact with.

Take a Closer Look = "Veggie Fritter" booth
Don't let the sign fool you!  This vendor offers way more than fritters.  The homemade lemonade is what attracted us to the booth (refreshing in the hot weather!).  This sweet lady offers bbq on a stick and egg rolls. 

There are a few picnic tables under tents for shade.  When we were there a lady was singing on a mic.  Washrooms available are in the nearby train station building.  Most people dropping by were families on bikes or couples with small dogs or people checking it out. I ventured over to Hilldale to meet my roommate and her bf to shop at Hilldale and didn't realize there was a Farmer's Market in the parking lot across from Macy's. 

There were a lot of great vendors and I didn't feel claustrophobic like I usually am at the capitol. Lots of vendors with flowers. No cheesy bread, but it's okay. 

I am definitely coming here from now on... Sometimes I'm in the mood for the madness that is the downtown farmer's market, but usually I just want a couple tomatoes. If you just need a couple tomatoes and maybe some herbs, eggplant, lettuce, eggs, peppers, flowers but don't need 17 different kinds of pickled veggies, this is the farmer's market for you. And by the way, the egg guy will sell you just one single egg if that's all you need for the scones you're making. I am not sure if this is the same Farmer's market, the one we attended was off Main street, behind some shops in a parking lot.

This is a small market but with a good variety of vendors.  The cheese guy was my favorite, and we picked up a couple of varieties.  There were plenty of fresh veggies, a massage chair, and even a maple stand with maple sugar, syrup and other tasty items. I've always been a cookie, candy, ice cream kinda girl until I recently discovered that I'm actually a closeted veggie lover. I actually had to google "vegetable addiction" to in fact make sure that I'm not in need of VA (and yes, Vegetable Addiction is a real thing.) Happy to report that I'm NOT an addict, just a lover of all things green. Ever since discovering my love for vegetables, I've been itching to make it to a farmers market. I was delighted when I discovered that there's one a few miles from me.

Now as a disclosure, I've been to a Farmers Market in LA and Pittsburgh and those are 5 star destinations where you could find every single item imaginable. This market isn't even in the same caliber as you would find in a big city but for our small town, I think it's amazing! Here's what we ended up with:

-2 zucchini and a squash (3 for $2.00.)
-Hydroponic lettuce: My interest was piqued and I had to learn all about it upon hearing of hydroponic lettuce. Apparently, it's chemical free and grown in water. It comes attached to the bulb to ensure freshness. The gentleman at the booth said a customer told him it lasted 2 weeks in her fridge. (One head of Buttercrunch and one head of Romaine for $5.00 total.)
-Two dozen farm-fresh eggs. My husband is the one that has to have the premium eggs. I like chickens and all but I don't have the same passion for eggs. He talked to the gentleman about the eggs and they are cage-free and as natural as eggs can get (Price was around $4.00/dozen for extra-large eggs.)
-From the 'egg' vendor, we also bought some apricot butter. She had tons of different flavors of jams, jellies and butters so I know I'll be back. This was around $3.00 and I thought that was a steal.
-Gluten-free baked goods from Four Flowers. I recently found out about FF -- she is a local baker that's passionate about making gluten-free goodies. I was skeptical, but dang they are absolutely AMAZING. The chocolate chip cookies were as soft as you'd expect from a baker using regular ingredients. The raspberry cheesecake bar was just as good.
-Homemade olives from Olives 4 U. The guy was fantastic and let us try 3-4 different varieties. We ended up with the garlic tasting kind, but were equally impressed with the spicy olives. ($5 for small/$8.50 for large)

I'd say that we had a pretty good run at the Market this morning and spent about $30. 

Other vendors that we saw but didn't buy anything from:

-Homemade soap
-Bull's BBQ
-Nana's 2 Cakery
-Martinez Tacos serving up tortas
-Kettle Corn
-A few other farms selling berries and veggies
-Knife sharpener
-Coffee/breakfast
-Cheese guy (who I'm assured is amaaazing)
-Pie lady selling full pies

Some items were a little pricier than you would expect to pay at a mass grocery store but you're also supporting our community as well as a local farmer!

(Also, sorry about my pictures. I deleted and fixed them to face the right way and they're still all upside down.) The Kankakee Farmers Market is a great surprise to downtown Kankakee.  I could not believe how many vendors were there!  I not only saw fruits and vegetables but also coffee, baked goods, honey, cheese, bread, pesto, flowers, artwork, and--my favorite--American egg rolls!  If you're looking for a lovely place to take a stroll, shop local, and try something new, then the Kankakee Farmers Market is just for you! The Farmer's Market is a wonderful addition to our downtown. There is always live entertainment and plenty of vendors to choose from. Lots of vegetables and flowers, as well as baked goods, cheese, fresh honey, homemade pet treats, and spice mixtures. There is also a variety of prepared food of a good variety (Filipino, American egg rolls, Mexican, and the Creme of the Crop food truck). The market has a decent amount of seating, as well as carts for convenience. There is also a large lot as well as street parking, so parking isn't usually a huge problem. There's also an indoor bathroom courtesy of Grapes and Hops, which alleviates the worry of having to use a port-a-potty. All in all, the Farmer's Market is an excellent event and should definitely be checked out at least once, if not many times. This farmers market rocks.  I love it here.  I have been to probably 6 markets and this is the best by far.  It is a well run operation that has shopping carts which most markets are missing.  The choice of all the local products is amazing.   Always a crowd but not crowded. Good market! Gets a little bigger every year. Special events and entertainment each week. The selection gets pretty good once the season is underway. The beginning of the season is full of the same stuff you'd find in any grocery store. I would love to see more organic offerings. Prices get better once the home grown items make their way to the stands. There are several prepared foods vendors with some unique and delicious options. The best part is talking to the farmers. Some of these folks have a real passion for what they do. It's always a good thing to know where your food comes from. Not much produce here at all, at any time of year. Mostly just fair type foods. I check it out a few times each year but I don't think I'll go back anymore. Really a great farmers market. Everything from the donuts sold by the church ladies to the vegan muffins to the fresh produce. Took home some great corn on the cob that was so sweet it almost didn't need butter....a great thing to do on a Thursday morning...... This is by far my favourite Farmers Market of its kind, as I love coming here. All the fruit and vegetables are home made, and the baked goods tastes home made, and right out of the oven. Right by the market, there is a playground where you can eat what you bought, and your kids can play in the parke. Unfourtanrtly, just about everything seems pricy, and strangely, overpriced. This is unexpected for a event such as this. Anyways, for the most part, I enjoy the produce, but not the prices. My favourite thing to get here is the mini apple pies, which cost just under $6, which I can't complain about. On normal occasions, parking isn't difficult, but this year, I founded it harder than normal. 4 stars, is what I rate it. Great morning for a farmers market!!! The fresh flowers, fruits, veggies and bakery good. So much to purchase so little time to prepare it and eat the it!!! Oh don't forget the kettle corn for a snack!! I've lived in Glencoe for almost 5 months now and become more excited about living here on a daily basis. It's a small town, but I'm constantly impressed by my surroundings. For this reason I was psyched to check out the Glencoe Farmers Market on their very first day last weekend (it's continuing throughout the summer every Sat morning). I strolled my 6 month old to the metra station where the Farmers Market is  located. I  was sure to bring along my wallet to load up on fruits, veggies, baked goods, flowers and more. 

When I got there I was disappointed to see that the Glencoe Farmers Market consisted of 3 stands. I asked one of the women working the stands if there would be more added as the summer continued (afterall, it was the  first day). She wasn't sure, but said probably not...and nicely recommended the Wilmette French Market if I'm looking for something larger.

Nothing here excited me, but I wanted to support them so bought a box of peaches and made my way home. I have to admit that these were the best peaches I've had in a long time. Even my hating peach husband was a fan of them. And if I could get my 2 1/2 year old to actually eat a piece of fruit I think she'd like them too.

I plan on heading back tomorrow and future Saturdays for some more peaches and possibly other produce as well. I still wish there was more of a variety, but am satisfied with the quality. This is really sad - what happened here?

 I am not writing this review about the people who are selling here and I hope the best for them and hope that people support them. This is more about the Farmers Market itself. When I was younger, Glencoe had a very nice Farmers Market in the town that had a pleasant assortment of different merchants. For a while, the market was moved for no apparent reason over to the train station area. That clearly seems to have been a mistake, as it has been moved back to its old location and seems to have lost the majority of the merchants over the years. On a very recent weekend, there were maybe two stands selling.

The few people left at this market are very nice and sell great stuff, but with 2-3 stands here in recent times, I really just can't see enough interest if it continues like that. There are plenty of other great markets in this area, although I think it's kind of remarkable that absolutely tiny towns like Ravinia (which is not really a town as much a sub-section of Highland Park) and Lake Bluff offer farmers markets that are absolutely remarkable in what they offer. The Lake Bluff Farmers Market is INSANELY good and, as a result, it's not a surprise that that market is crowded every Friday - waiting to buy things at that market is not unusual and it's fantastic. I miss the Lake Bluff farmers market in the Winter and the first weekend it opens can't come soon enough. In terms of farmers markets this area, I'll say that the Lake Bluff one is the best - and probably still the best kept secret. Who'd expect tiny Lake Bluff to have such a lovely, packed farmers market, but it does.

Glencoe recently started asking citizens to write in suggestions about what they want to see in Glencoe and I suppose at least that's a step in the right direction. The town is ABSOLUTELY very nice overall, but has been lackluster from a planning standpoint for years now. The fact that this Farmers Market - which used to be great - has been allowed to dwindle down to a couple of stands - is another example and it's really unfortunate. If anything, Glencoe should take a look at what Lake Bluff is doing, managing to turn a downtown area that was not much of anything not that long ago into a cute destination that has, little-by-little, offered more in the way of great restaurants/cafes and little shops. Small but definitely functional. They sell what you would expect.  Fresh flowers and produce and also baked goods.  They also had a stand with honey products including candles that was very good. The cookies we had were excellent.  I was very excited that I was able to get fresh cilantro.  Not all the farmers markets have it. Fun market, lots of plants, veggies, fruit and flowers. I especially loved that 4 Elements Bath products was there with their eco-friendly luxury spa goods. Jester Juice is there with his hydraulic pressed lemonade. Jilly Cakes is there with her amazing cakes as well. Free parking and easily accessible. Does ANYONE tell the truth at any time any more, ever?

Definition of Farmer's Market; a food market at which local farmers sell fruit and vegetables and often meat, cheese, and bakery products directly to consumers.

How stupid of me to think that this applied to the Mundelein Farmer's Market. Of the 30 or so vendors, only two had what appeared to be locally grown products, and, BTW, house plants don't count as produce.

A Farmer's Market is NOT a goshdarn flea market.

I guess I was fooled again. Maybe the trustees will care. NOT! As long as the fee is paid, I don't expect the mayor or five of the six trustees to care. Very disappointed!  

Don't waste your time!  There was only ONE booth selling fruits and vegetables which were highly priced for not even being organic.  It took a total of five minutes to browse the whole market.  

It seems like the north suburbs are severely lacking in any kind of decent Farmer's Market.  That's really too bad. First time I have ever purchased from him (Grayslake farmers market).  We grilled the cheddar bacon burger tonight and all I can say is "Oh My Gosh!!!!"  I'm done eating and still drooling. It was amazing. I'm going back for more next week! Local & organic meat.  Farmer Nicks offers beef, pork, chicken and farm fresh eggs.  Ask about availability in winter when there are no farmers markets.  Check him on Facebook too. I'm very thankful to have local pastured meat available for my family.  We signed up for the winter CSA and every month we have been able to pick out what we wanted as long as it was in stock.  If I had any complaints it would be: difficult communication or customer service, ham slices are too fatty in my opinion and bacon was not tasty but I have not tried the flavored bacons. The meat we get from Farmer Nick's is insanely delicious.  We discovered him at our local farmer's market in Crystal Lake late in the season and we're anxiously waiting for the first weekend the market is open so we can stock up!  We took some of the brats we bought to a family cookout and everyone couldn't stop saying how good they were. Matt's Produce has hands-down the best tasting sweet corn in SE WI. They pick their sweet corn fresh, several times a day, so it's not sitting out wilting and drying up like at the store or other roadside stands. All of their other veggies are great, too, tasting like you just picked them fresh out of your garden-- all the benefit of "homegrown veggies" without any of the work! I get my Produce from them all summer and into the fall. I love knowing that they only sell the highest quality goods, and not having to worry about digging through piles of vegetables to find the one or two good ones-- everything Matt puts out on his stand is top-quality! Easy to walk to or park spot in the west loop.  High quality heirloom tomatoes, squash, peaches, and other fruits/veggies.  Since I found the market, I buy so much here every week that I can't even eat it all over the week!

Prices are very reasonable for organic and quality is very high. This market is very small.  Not many vendors but it has a great selection of vegetables.  I stopped by on a nice summer day and bought lots of heirloom tomatoes!  I would go here again. First time checking out the Green City Market on Fulton. Small but nice Famers Market for a early morning Saturday stroll. Was hoping for more flower venders, mostly fruits and veggies, a local pie shop and bread company. Walking distance from Glazed and Infused donut shop along with a few good restaurants for brunch/lunch. Picked up beautiful Tuberose, I would definitely check out the market again to see if the venders change weekly. So very happy to have this in my neighborhood.  Please spread the word in the West Loop and support this wonderful farmers market.  I can get all of the things I need to prepare a fabulous, seasonal meal and it's just blocks from my apartment.  The hardest thing is limiting my purchases to what I can carry home on my bike!  Please tell all your friends and neighbors to check it out! A great location that meets an empty spot in the West Loop. Fresh fruit, vegetables, and everything else you'd expect to find at your local farmers market is here. Let's hope it takes off! Finally!!! A neighborhood farmer's market! Not quite as big as the Lincoln Park one but has a great selection of vendors. My favorite is the first one to the left of the entrance, their fruits & veggies are super fresh and excellent quality. As soon as I bit into the cantaloupe I vowed to never eat another supermarket one. Love!!! This place is amazing! Love the food and the ambiance. It's the perfect place to hangout with friends and stuff your belly with delicious food. It's great for big groups. Our party of 18 was well accommodated and everyone had a great meal. My only distasteful experience was be movie they were playing on a giant screen. They were playing A Clockwork Orange where there's a scene of a woman being raped by a group of men. She was completely naked and our table was so overwhelmed we almost all got up and left. They immediately turned to another movie. I wonder if they would not have if we didn't complain about it, but I'm glad they did. It just shocked me that they would choose to show a movie where a woman was being raped and completely in the nude. I'm so glad the family with kids left 30 min prior to that scene. Will definitely come back for more. Unless that movie is playing. This market is great.  It is small enough to be stress free yet there is a variety of fruits and vegetables, baked goods and flowers and I always can find what I want.  There is parking for a fee and the Halsted bus stops right on the corner of Fulton & Halsted.  It's a neighborhood market that's big enough for the West Loop.  The only thing I would like to see is someone selling herbs.  Nichols has them sometimes, but I would like to see someone who has them every week.
   
It meets all my criteria for a great farmers market:
Has a diverse range of high quality foods - check
Connects me with local producers and farmers - check
Supports small family farms - check
Vendors are passionate about their products and share knowledge with customers - check

This week I got smart and brought my grocery cart so I could load up on honey crisp apples.  Hope the market is back again next year. I eat lots of fruit and vegetables. And this market saves me $$$!
I take advantage of their weeks specials and plan my meals around the fruit and vegetables that I purchase that week I was introduced to this market by a friend.  I now buy all of my vegetables from here.  Sometimes there are items that are not in good condition, but very few.  The prices are always lowered then grocery stores.  This is basically a market that buys surplus from suppliers.  By cutting out the middleman( grocery stores) you get a price reduction.  I have to admit, it's now one of my favorite places. I give it four stars simply because they don't have corn the way I like them too. I must come here on off days. I cannot alway find the veggies I need. It's touch and go because more times than not the fruit is mushy, bruised or over ripe. A lot of my friends love this place. I must have bum luck. 

I do have luck with the pineapple and love the fact they core and slice it right there. You can keep the core if you let them know you want to keep it!! Great selections on there produce and plenty to choose from! Great prices friendly staff. We visit the farmers market quite frequently, at least twice or more a week. Yes the prices are fair and yes the produce is descent at times. My issue is on several occasions due to wrong prices on the boxes, or just incompetent cashiers myself and my fiance have been treated very poorly. He owns a restaurant and uses this market for some of his menu because unlike having produce delivered - here he is able to sort through the produce. There is a cashier there by the name of Ophelia and she is absolutely rude, nasty and loud! After ur wife some few altercations with her I am completely shocked that Jimmy the owner continues to allow her to carry on in this manner towards his customers. I am NOT saying the customer is always right but there's a way to deal with a customer when the discrepancy falls in the hands of the business. Until something is done with this woman we will not be returning! Not only will she cursed you in front of the other customers she will loudly gossip to the customers about you as you are standing there! Being in a business where I have to deal with customers and the public I would never imagine to do this to anybody! Hey Jimmy figure it out - when you have so many complaints about one employee and your other employees complain about her as well it is time to clean house! I came in with the family and was pretty surprised at the amount of different items they have, and the diversity of their products.   In addition to the produce market, they have a very well stocked Middle Eastern,  Indian,  and Mexican section.  They also carry some products from Eastern Europe.  Prices are reasonable.  Never saw buckets of Feta cheese, lol.  Come in and explore, you'll be back. Great fun place to go. Great produce. They will even core your pinapple when you buy one.  very friendly and well priced. Another year, another Horner Park Farmer's Market. I have loved this particular one for years. So nice to see the community, families, couples, individuals, and many sweet 4 legged beings come together. Small, but packs a punch. Beautiful flowers, great produce, cheeses, meat. Great place. Ridiculously overpriced produce. Small selection. Hit up the Lincoln Square market on Tuesday mornings and Thursday nights instead. Better prices and products. This farmers market has very limited crafty things.  It mostly sells things from the farm!  I can get all my produce and fresh made things for the week right here!  This market has been going strong for at least 25 years!  I love this market! This season our family bought a half share in Pleasant Acre's CSA.  Our kids are just toddlers now, but I imagine we'll graduate to a full share in another couple years.  

We'd been sampling the fresh produce from PA at the Lafayette area Farmer's Markets all last summer, and really liked what we tried.  Especially the lettuces.  Who knew lettuce could have such amazing flavor?

Anyhow, the CSA investment has been well worth it for us: kale, broccoli, potatoes, beets (including the vibrant greens), radishes, and early this summer -- shell peas.  This was a revelation to me, as I quickly discovered that fresh peas eclipse frozen just as frozen destroys canned.  It should have been obvious, I know, but somehow I never sought out fresh peas the same way I did corn or beans or even sugar snaps.  Foolish me, I know better now!

Give these guys a whirl when you see their booth at the Farmer's Market.  It's a small family operation, totally local, totally sustainable.  I don't think they're certifed Organic, but they do grow everything as naturally as possible.  Plus it's all so fresh & yummy! Small market, not much to choose from.  They have plants/flowers, veggies and fruit.  There is an Amish farmer with vegetables.  It takes place every Wednesday from 7am to 1pm.  Not crowded. Recently opened under new owner Zack Massey. This place is exactly what a small community needs, fresh fruit and friendly service.  All items are hand picked by the owner and priced well below grocery stores or Walmart. I go here at least 3 times a week and I recommend you do the same.  The owner also supports local schools through fruit donations.  Overall, I highly recommend it. Scotty's is my new favorite alternative to driving all the way to Soulard. With fantastic prices and a good selection, I'll be a regular customer! Anyone in the area should check it out. Plus, their plant/garden selection is beautiful. Great friendly service, and I CAN'T WAIT for the deli to open at the end of the month. Everyone should just give it a chance, I think you'll be surprised, in a good way! Some of the nicest and most accommodating people I have ever met. We use them as a layover at least once per year, twice this year, and it is always great. Clean barn, large clean stalls, ceiling fans, auto waters in the stalls with counters, hay racks and feeders in the stalls, a place to park your trailer overnight, restroom, hot water available and the muck pile to clean out your trailer is right where you park. Super convenient and right off of the highway. They will do your nightcheck and keep you up to date. They have the most friendly Clydesdales that love to say hello. Great,  safe setting for an overnight stay with your horses. Pekin Farmers' Market will be set up 9-11AM on 7/4/13! The early hours are necessary because of the holiday. On 6/27/13 I bought potatoes from the first digging and some dill from Bob Rollyson, tomatoes from Joyce Frank, and jellies from Montgomery Farms. All excellent stuff! I'll be back to get some popcorn from Progressive Poppers and a salsa mix from Dirt Broke Gourmet. Other than the fourth of July holiday, the market will be 4-6PM every Thursday 'til October. Last Saturday, I was in Terre Haute (don't bother with the map, there's no reason for you to know where it is) and noticed advertisements for a farmer's market.  I figured what the hell, its right next to a coffee shop, and I need coffee anyway. 

The basic produce was expected (tomatoes, corn, peaches, apples, etc), but Spanish Black radishes, and free range beef, pork, chicken, and lamb were a nice surprise.  Granted, farmer's markets in larger cities will have more vendors and a larger variety of produce, but this is the best small town market within a 50 mile radius.  If I'm in town on a Saturday again this summer, I will be returning (with a cooler for the meat)! Go.  By going you will:

Support local farmers. 
Get great and fresh meat, vegetables, and fruit. 
Meet some quirky people.
Enjoy Saturday mornings in the summer. (in the parking lot across from Bel-Air)
Sat. 8 am - Noon; May - Sept

There were lots of fresh fruit and veggies--strawberries, blueberries, beets, lettuce, tomato plants, etc. The Pie Safe vendor was there, so I indulged in a delicious very cute heart shaped pie pop. There were lots of pies, cookies and other baked goods to choose from. There were nuts, honey, and chocolate (yum). There was some fabulous art and jewelry available, too. 

There's street parking available. Lots to chose from besides veggies.  Some of the same vendors that are at Thursday's market - especially the ones from Cobden, IL You'll find everything from fresh produce to homemade bread. While you're there, try a fresh, warm, homemade Amish doughnut that's as big as your head. These things are better than Krispy Kremes. Also, stop by the Dynamite coffee booth (bright red trailer), for some great iced coffee, or a made-from-scratch fruit drink. Remember my rant about cheap and abundant Devon Market's produce?  That was all before I got on this organic kick.  Loyola U's Farmer's Market is tiny, plentiful, and kind to my tiny budget.

Let's start with the actual Loyola U tent.  Their produce always looks hecka' fresh and is competitive with Devon Market ($2/ bunch of greens).  Some of the kids running the table seem spaced out (maybe it was the heat), but no one is rude, and the guy with brown curly hair is cordial.

My next stop is down the center where Arthur and another guy are selling peaches $5/ pint, $6/pint raspberries, and $5/pint blueberries -- warm, sweet, and organic also.  These guys are chatty and just as sweet as their peaches.  Love them! 

The guy selling on the left side of the market has THE BEST corn on the cob -- not sure if it's organic though. $0.50/ear.

Last but certainly not least is my guy, Michael.  He's the most approachable cheese connoisseur  I've ever met -- not snobby at all.  I bought cheese from him today even though I have plenty at home -- he's just that cool.  When you go, try AND buy the cheese that tastes like roast beef (perfection!) and the strong gouda (I literally got goosebumps after tasting it!)

If you're looking for tons of every kind of produce stacked wall to wall like Whole Foods, this is not that.  If you like the challenge of purchasing what's in season at reasonable prices and cooking meals accordingly, go here. $40 will take you a long way. Below is the whole blurb from their website.

Here's my take: Michael the cheese guy gets one of the stars all for himself- a cheese guru & stand up comedian/philosopher. Go for him alone.
the rest of it= limited but a good place to get salad and berries and organic coffee and little snacks.
Small but cute. 

I Love that LU is so committed to teaching it's students practical application of skills- one of the stands sells produce from the University's student run garden.


WHEN:  June 10 to October 14, 2013

WHERE:  Southwest Corner of Albion and Sheridan Roads, Chicago

MARKET HOURS:

Summer Hours:  3 p.m. to 7 p.m.

Fall Hours:  2:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. (September 30 to October 14)

Link Card Accepted

We look forward to the upcoming outdoor farmers market season and seeing you. 

The Loyola University Chicago Farmer's Market seeks to increase access to healthy and sustainably grown fruits, vegetables, dairy, meat and prepared foods.

We bring you a relaxing atmosphere where you can purchase fresh local food.

The Market is a direct result of a student project in the Loyola's Solutions To Environmental Problems (STEP) Food Systems course. Conceptualized and planned by the students, the Market's goals are to:

Increase access to fresh nutritious locally grown and produced foods to community members in a densely populated urban setting
To contribute to Loyola's mission to serve those in need by providing a community gathering place where fresh, nutritious foods are affordable
To support small growers that apply sustainable agriculture and land conservation practices
To support small producers with entrepreneurial spirit
Provide a place where all can purchase local and seasonal foods to support the "farm to plate" lifestyle
Farmers' Market Prices Competitive With Grocery Store Chains

Are you interested in purchasing vine-ripened tomatoes directly from the farmer that grew them but worry that they'll stretch your budget just a little too uncomfortably? Think again. Emerging investigations are beginning to challenge the notion that produce purchased from Farmers' Markets is more expensive than their supermarket counterparts.  Sometimes, consumers can even purchase better quality food for less at their local Farmers' Market. For more on the affordability of local food, check out a compelling blog post by New York Times and Washington Post writer, Barry Estabrook.

Is Local Food More Expensive? A Consumer Price Perspective on Local and Non-Local Foods Purchased in Iowa
Vermont Farmers' Markets and Grocery Stores: A Price Comparison
Learn more about farmers' markets and how they are shaping our local food movement. Check out the Farmers' Market Coalition. The Coalition offers a variety of educational opportunities, support, and news about farmers markets across the nation.

For more information on the market and how to get involved, please contact Gina Lettiere at glettie@luc.edu or 773.508.8255. It's pretty small but what did you expect for a farmers market in a mall community? There are maybe 8 booths but they all sell different foods like bread, cheese, coffee, fruit, or veggies. This time I bought jam and cheese but next time I will definitely try to remember to bring more money. 

Michael the cheese guy is the cheese. He has little sampling presentations that are to die for. I was left with so many choices I didn't know what to buy. I was offended for him when 5 girls came, sampled everything, then just walked off. This isn't Costco... 

The guys who sell jam and pesto and guac are really nice but I honestly think its overpriced. The jam is great and tastes really homemade but the other foods, while also delicious, are not worth the hefty price stickers. I've been a fan of the honey from Rustic Road for a long time. I happened to be in the area and was very excited to stop in. While it's early in the season they had lots of delicious greens available and a few of the early crops like strawberries and rhubarb. Everything was delicious and high quality. It's definitely the kind of place you'd want to stop in regularly to visit as they always have different seasonal fruit and veg ready. 

They also have a late variety of different meat products in freezer chests if that's your thing. I didn't partake but the sausage they were cooking up while there smelled amazing. 

Credit cards are accepted! ***Bacon lovers alert***

I love this farm! My kids adore this farm! The animals are so cute and sweet and come right up to say hello. I had no idea goats were so darn funny and so goofy! I could sit there all day hanging with those baby goats and the coo of the hens. If you are lucky the roster will announce himself.

Also the cottage bacon is hands down the best bacon I've ever had. No nitrates or nitrites! (Let's be real for a minute... If you think you are getting high end, great quality bacon from your local chain grocery store, you aren't! It's overly salty and some well known brands taste like chemicals to me...)

It's a family run farm and it's well worth the drive! They have other products too you should really check out. But seriously, Stock up on that cottage bacon. Trust me you will eat it and enjoy it so much you can't wait to find an excuse to cook it again. Eggs are great. Everything I have tried is great. And, the owners are super sweet. 

Plus you you can watch the goats and chickens roam. The best thing about Rustic Road: The farmers are chefs!  I love to experiment and try new recipes, so I was pleased to find some unique vegetables in our CSA box.  The farmers send out detailed emails, which include recipes and special items available, such as French chickens and their delicious bacon.

My sons LOVE going to the farm.  There are chickens all over the place, two sweet dogs, and lots of sheep and goats.  The kids are welcome to interact with the animals, ask questions of Farmers Mark and Luis, and explore the farm.  They also have u-pick berries at the end of the summer for a great price.  

We are lucky to have Rustic Road Farm in our community! What a great farm.  Went for the first time with my siblings and friend.  Marc & Luis were so nice.  Loved learning about the farm.  Came home with fresh eggs (never had a fresh egg before), honey, cocoa honey, garlic, pork loin roast and newly signed up for a 20 weeks csa starting in june.  Visited the baby goats, pigs, chickens and puppies.  Highly recommend a visit. Love this place. Fresh, local produce. We belong to their CSA in the summer and pick-up our veggies at the Wheaton Farmer's Market. Great deal for organic produce. The farm is great as you can see the chickens, goats, pigs and produce for yourself. Owners are very friendly and car about what they are doing. It shows in the quality of their food. They also sell meat, eggs, honey, and prepared items (they are chefs). Highly recommend! They are the nicest people! So accommodating. Explain everything so thoroughly. And so love that they open everything up to me and my family!  My daughter loves it there. We went for the baby goats but will return for the food! I didn't think a farm would have much to offer in February, but I was wrong. My toddler had a great time chasing chickens and petting baby goats with my husband while I was able to peruse the store. They offered free samples of some of their provisions, including the best hot chocolate I have ever had (this may seem like an exaggeration, but as a non-coffee drinker, I've had my fair share of hot chocolate). I picked up a few soups and will definitely be back for more. Try the harvest chowder! The real deal.  A Farmer's Market that is at the farm.   I have been waiting for years for a farm / farmer's market. like this.  To start,  one half of the duo that own this farm is a top Chef/Partner for Lettuce Entertain You.  A major part of what is grown on this farm is served up at Big Bowl or other spots.  One of his Chefs Patricia Yeo makes chutney's  and jams that are to die for.  I have gone to this market a couple of Saturday's and have bought the most amazing stuff.  They sell fresh eggs, gorgeous produce, ciders, grains, pork, chicken - a one stop shop.  Best of all these two guys who own and operate this farm are just about the nicest guys around.  Know your food, know your farmer.  I am soooo happy that there is place like this out here!!! This market is open on Saturdays only.  Really worth a trip out to the "country". I must admit I knew this farm was opening - and know the guys who run it - but I think it is really the best thing in the Fox Valley area. Over 40 years of feeding the community. The diversity of the food here is absolutely amazing from Scratch sodas to bread to green beans to peaches to pork to mint tea to tomatoes to Coffee to mushrooms to grass-fed beef to homemade noodles to chicken to eggs to an all gluten free bakery.  although only a couple Farmers are organic it is all local and you can talk to the person who grows it. If you are a people Watcher this is the place to be on Saturday mornings as there's a huge crowd It seems to lack competition. I like what I have seen at larger markets for this reason (e.g., San Fran, Berkeley, etc.). I like being able to choose between several folks that sell the same stuff rather than having only one or two options. There are other farmers in the area, not sure why there is not more variety. 

It makes sense why they use Farmer's Market rather than Farmers' Market. It really is a market of one "farmer" per particular fare. Opens at 8am (go early to get the best stuff!), I love to shop the local selection of fresh fruits and veggies.  The selection varies to what's in season - I just got some great peaches, corn and tomatoes.  I highly recommend heading out there - it's definitely worth waking up early for! Open every Saturday morning from April to November.  Great fruits, vegetables, as well as arts and crafts.  My fave thing  there is the sour dough bread made by some local Amish folks!!! I volunteered at this commerical kitchen incubator today for Open House Chicago and also learned about the businesses within The Plant. Pleasant House has started to make pizza and this can be happily paired with a Whiner Beer. There are two byproducts of Whiner Beer brewing that are used in the facility: CO2 funneled into the Phytoblu Algae Lab where the owner was sharing $5 Spirulina gelato made by The Plant's vegan gelato maker. I am going to come back with plenty of friends next time. I'm loving the direction that The Plant is going in. I was able to see some of the museum exhibition pieces in the early stages, and I'm excited to see how that progresses. 

Being winter, the outdoor garden lacked charm (for now!) but I know it will be flourishing come summer. The winter garden on the top floor was a lovely sunny spot with some chairs to relax in. 

I wasn't able to see the aquaponics area, but I hope to take a tour of that in the future. I am definitely going to be visiting again to catch the farmers market that they do year round! It's monthly in winter and weekly in summer. 

Even if you just stop by for the Whiner Beer taproom, the visit is worth it to learn about their sustainability and the history of the building and neighborhood. This is a really cool space with a really incredible mission. If any tour is offered, take it! The beer is really good, the pizza is incredible (the spicy honey one is nuts), and it feels awesome to support something like this. I came here to take a tour and hear about the building from a friend who volunteers here moving heavy bits of earth around. Apparently the meat locker rooms they used to cure the meat in have now all been converted to restrooms, so that sounds like a bathroom experience worth checking out. The highlight here is definitely the Pleasant House bakery operations. Finding the mothership of all that delicious bread. Eating an extremely reasonably priced and delicious prosciutto sandwich. 

Only minus one star because if you take the bus here, you walk some sad looking streets and possibly pass the plant that's actually still operating as a plant and smells accordingly. It's a burdensome pilgrimage to make via CTA, but I guess such is South Side lyfe. Good amount of education.  Decent rate(s).  Mindful.  Bldg and tenants are still a work in progress.  Tour Guides are very knowledgeable, and seem to know every nooks and crannies that is going on, about and everything.

NOTE:  Good amount of stairs up and down.

Public Tour -- highlighted event of the bldg.  It gives you an appreciation of the solidly build sturdy stairs with a perfect even shape.  I'm so glad the bldg is repurposed.  Great insulation.

Behind the Scenes Mushroom Tour -- slight discount if you take both tours.  Minute overlap of information.  You get a free bag of mushrooms -- yahoo!  Will be increasing mushroom production.  Super!  I like mushrooms.  A high tech science lab meets recycled materials.

Farmers Market -- every Saturday.  Since there are 2 bakeries at The Plant, breads are available as well.

Plant Chicago CSA -- check website for info.

Store -- to come.  Just raised $65k for decor/renovation.  Shall sell products from tenants in bldg.

I look forward to the Build-Your-Own Home Aquaponics System! The bf wants to get into aquaponics so he wanted to check out the Plant. They offered tours so we ordered some tickets online. There was a time to which the tour was due to start but they delayed the start because they were waiting for another group. That group was part of some class that must have required participation. They all asked the same questions throughout the tour. Very annoying. 

There was a lot of things in progress but there were two bakeries up and running. The staff were very friendly and clearly knowledgeable. Though they're still working on expanding, this place had a lot of tidbits of knowledge. the tour had a decent amount of knowledge and it was cool of the random employees here and there to answer any questions we had. 

I look forward to seeing how this place progresses as they seem to have a lot of big visions for this place. Not much happening there now.  Great ideas, poor followthru.   Whiner Beer   is their successful business, but they reuse virtually none of Whiner 's. by products. The people working here are doing amazing things for the city of Chicago and the community in which it sits. I must admit that I read another comment that said the tour price of $12 was too much money for what they got. I think the idea of paying the fee is to support the cause, not to really get your money's worth, but hey that's just my opinion. Also the neighborhood is in one of Chicago's most historic, the Back of the Yards. It might be sketchy for say, someone who hasn't had the privilege of experiencing the diversity of all the different people and classes throughout Chicago, and to someone who is used to exploring the suburbs, instead. 
When I made my visit, it was for their annual food truck rally. There was music playing, food trucks serving, and tours of their building happening. Not to mention, they had a demonstration of how their methane gas food compost machine will operate to supply energy for the entire building. That is right, they will produce energy from food! I also admire that instead making an effort to gentrify the community, the businesses that operate within the building are including community members to be involved. This place is great and definitely worth the stop. When I first caught wind of a sustainable, hydroponics based farm share inhabiting an old meat processing plant in an industrial park on the south side of Chicago I was THRILLED.  I immediately did some research, backed their kickstarter to help fund much needed building improvements, and signed up for the weekly CSA.

While the CSA is considerably over-priced for the quantity and quality of what you get each week, I thought it worthwhile (if not noble) to help a budding business with such a seemingly altruistic approach to providing a community with good healthy food.  

Alas, I was severely disappointed in the lack of flexibility and professionalism throughout my entire experience (which is going on 3+ months).  One andecodtal story - Recently I was not able to pick up my farm share on the scheduled Tuesday, and decided to instead come by the alternate time that Saturday.  Granted I was in the wrong here, and should have given them a heads up that I would be coming on a Saturday instead of the agreed upon Tuesday, but they gave you the choice as to which day you would want to pick up, so I figured switching days once during the session wouldn't be that big of a deal.  I was mistaken - after 30 minutes of scrambling and making phone calls while I sat waiting I was ultimately sent away empty handed (Which is incredible to me considering you are inside the building where ALL OF THE FOOD IS GROWN when you pick up your share). Even more frustrating, my pre-paid farm share was given away or disposed of when I did not pick it up on Tuesday without so much as phone-call from The Plant.  Not quite what I expected from an organisation which advertised as "a small CSA we're able to provide exceptional customer service, so you are totally satisfied" when I cut the first $243 check.

As result of the experience above, I decided not to pursue the remaining portion of the farm share, and asked to be reimbursed for the weeks ahead that I had already paid for but did not wish to receive.  The response I received was terse and condescending - I was informed that there would be no such refund, but they would be happy to stop making my box each week if that is what I wanted.  

It is unfortunate that a business would begin its life treating customers like this, and I felt it was important to share this story to help save people a similar frustration - not to mention lose out on a meaningful amount of money. Great place to get away from the city life and stretch your green thumbs. One of the best places in Chicago to see aquaponics and indoor food growing. Volunteering is great fun. Adorable, adorable, adorable!!! I love little farmer's markets. I can't get enough of them. It's almost an addiction. I love to support the local entrepreneurs and farmers from any area. I stop at every single farmer's market I come across. 

While down in Quincy visiting my baby brother at college, we headed to Thyme Square Café for lunch before hitting the road to come home. When we arrived on 5th street, we parked and saw the farmers market taking place. I immediately asked my sister and brother if we could walk it before we ate and they both agreed. Thanks, guys!

Its a small market but they had plenty of options of fresh fruits and veggies, baked goods, crafty items, homemade artsy stuff, plants and much more. I split a crate of peaches with my sister for $10 ($5 ea.), picked up some HEATLESS jalapenos which I later that week sliced and put on a homemade pizza back at home and even grabbed a small peach pie for $3. I was very impressed with the heatless jalapenos...I had never seen anything like them before and was blown away that these exist and more so, that I liked them as much as I did. In fact, I am actually going to see if I can find some seeds and grow some at home this summer. 

We'll be back down in the area in May and I'm very hopeful that this market is open while we're there because I know my hubby would love it, too! Final thought...the people here were SUPER friendly. Totally loved them to pieces! I would love to know more or talk to somebody I have a lot of produce that is ready to be sold and I was interested in setting up over at you know the Washington Square Quincy Farmers Market I was wondering if somebody could maybe even call me and let me know what I need to do to set up over there my name is Paula Whitaker and my number is 573-2316129 thank you! A family farm with very tasty produce, fresh eggs, and great prices. 

Just 3 miles west of Route 12 on Route 173. They're open 7 days a week 8:30am to 6pm. Run by Myra and John - couldn't find two nicer people who run such a great little operation.  We get farm fresh milk there year-round and purchase fresh produce in the summer months.  Also purchased this year's free-range turkey for Thanksgiving - best turkey ever! So stop by come springtime and find out what they've got! The best family farm around.  Great flowers, produce, eggs, and decorative gourds and pumpkins for fall.  It is always fun to visit the farm animals as well.  Myra and John are always super helpful and it is nice to see where your produce is coming from.  Highly recommend! Go to Patyk farms if you want the whole farm experience.  They have a wide variety of great produce to choose from at their very own market.  The best experience was that I could actually pick my own tomatoes.  Bring your children with so they can visit with the cats, chickens, turkeys and goats.  Overall, I highly recommend making the trip out to Patyk Farms in Richmond, IL.  You won't be disappointed. Wonderful family farm with great variety of produce and eggs.  You may want to call ahead to order some eggs because their eggs are very popular.  Very fair prices.  Highly recommend! After being to several farmers markets and have now realized what an amazing farmers market we have compared to other towns 10x the size of Beloit.  To start with, the ACTUAL farmers market does not start until mid June when farmers get their vegetables in.  So in May, its call the "preview" or some sort of limited market.  The full scale market has a HUGE variety of friuts/vegs, and many farms are non-GMO and Organic.  They also have multiple bakeries and craft people rounding out everything you could possibly want in a Farmers Market......My personal favorite:

1.  Froggy Farms - Organic vegs, and these gargantuan garlic that taste
2.  Salsa Man - Don't be fooled by imitators....his chips and salsa are amazing.  You can tell it is fresh and the variety of flavors is unparalleled. 
3.  Boomerang Bakery - Based out of Monroe, this place has the best pastries, but most of all, they sell a chop bread which is phenomenal.
4.  Juice Lady - I don't know her name, but she sells fresh juice and smoothies that are truly fresh and worth every penny.  
5.  Donut guy - there is tent that sells cinnamon sugar mini donuts that come out of the fryer and melt in your mouth.  They are a heavenly way to try to clog an artery.....and truly worth it.

Overall, an excellent Farmers Market with plenty of variety of vegs and food.  I do wish we had a few more food trucks, but the bakeries somewhat make up for it.  Make sure to bring cash because most people don't take credit cards. This is my favorite farmers market - good music, beautiful produce,
Delish Bakery goods - u gotta try the fresh made donuts and the French pastry!  
Restaurants, food trucks, food stands, all serving up yummy food 
And drink!  My favorite:  the taco truck for steak tacos!
There's also a good selection of vendors with specialty
Items like jewelry, crafts, yard decor, plus more.  
Give it a try, no disappointment here. An expansive market with great, friendly vendors, live music and delicious eats! a great farmers market. tons of vendors with a wealth of produce, cheese, pastries, seafood flowers and more.  I was impressed with the bounty of produce that was available. I was able to purchase fresh ginger which is rare to find in the Midwest. beautiful flowers, fantastic corn. artisanal cheese products. jams, jellies, pickled veggies. even a seafood purveyor who also has a food truck at the market. there was a taco truck too with some authentic tacos/burritos. I bought amazing bread and pastries from a cute little woman from Nigeria. a band palyed Andean flute music all the while. if you want to take a break head to Bushel and Peck, a market/restaurant to relax.  all in all a great market  and fun place to bring a family. Meh.
Not too many venders with things I'd buy. Seemed a tad pricey. Especially plants. 
No music was playing at the time that we went.
No dogs anymore....very disappointing. Dogs are people too. Ha. I don't have one currently, but I like to see them :) 
Maybe as the summer begins more vendors will be there. Update:  This market is no longer dog friendly as of Sept 6, 2014.  However, this one is https://www.facebook.com/pages/Natures-Touch-Garden-Center/209712625716116
.

We have been to the two Janesville farmer's markets and we told Beloit is where we should go next.  We took our dogs, but left them in the car.  (air on of course).  As we rounded the corner ... dogs, dogs, dogs.  Wow, it is dog friendly?  We quickly went back to the car and they were so excited.

We all went to the farmers market, bought fresh local produce, listened to music, drank some fantastic lemon aid and met all sorts of new canine friends.  If you have dogs, people here love dogs.  Parents were stopping asking if their child could pet them.  Little children were saying "look at the dog" all around us and every other dog.  There was even a police dog in the center greeting kids and families .. that's a first for us.  At the end, I sat down with all my bags and my dog got away from me and a woman we met earlier, got his lease and said "its all good".  I was  in doggy friendly heaven.

A good time was had by all!

The only thing I will do differently?  Next time we will go earlier, get the shopping done, then enjoy all the canine friends.  Every dog wants to stop and greet others, and is clogs up the isles 

https://www.facebook.com/BeloitFarmersMarket Happy days, beautiful people, beautiful music, delightful Beloit.  Farmers Market is simply not to be missed.  The many vendors, from food, vegetable, fruit, meats, cheese...to soap makers, crafters, musicians, flowers galore!  its the perfect start to ensure a great weekend!  Another reason to love Wisconsin and relish in the charm that is Beloit Love the options here. Everything from Mushrooms to Goat Cheese to Soy 

VENDORS: Everything from Organic tomatoes, berries, wheatgrass, mushrooms, pastes and spreads, jams and jellies, cheese, tofu, soy noodles,  fresh flowers, etc.

ACCESSIBILITY: The market is right below the Morse Red Line Station and is one street level

PRICING: Pricing is reasonable, $2 for a wheatgrass plant, $7 for spiced tofu, $5 for a medium sized container of blueberries. LINK card is accepted here, and they have a program that will match any LINK purchases in order to increase access to fresh food and organic products for LINK holders. Very much appreciated. My neighborhood Farmers market 
Always good selections and great people bringing a wonderful selection of food; flowers and yummy options Now that I live around the corner, I enjoy making my weekly visit to the market. I pretty much only buy Elsie's pies (2 for $10). There's a lot of nice options but it's really too expensive for me. I wish I could afford a half dozen of farm fresh duck eggs, but I'm on the 99cent budget.  
Due to the prices, I mostly just window shop and smell the soaps, but it's a nice way to spend a Sunday morning, nonetheless. I typically love this place buying fresh vegetables and talking to the vendors and friends at this weekly event; however today was an exception. I'm at the Farmers Market this morning in Rogers Park I innocently asked a vendor what kind of tomato were these bunch of brownish tomatoes? The girl behind the table stone cold smugly said and I quote: "I don't know what it is, I just sell it." Being a sales guy I was sickened by her tone and unprofessionalism. Great market with a convenient location.  Here you'll find a broad selection of produce, cheese, meet, baked goods...you name it!  If it grows within 200 miles of Chicago, chances are it's for sale here on Sunday morning!

In addition to all kinds of fresh fruit and veggies, you can get your weekly supply of empanadas, popsicles, cookies and amazing fresh-cut flowers.  Many weekends I can do most of my grocery shopping right here.

Many vendors take credit cards and you can always swipe your card at the payment table for market tokens to make shopping easy and convenient.

Dog and kid friendly too! 

What some people may not know is that this market also supports much needed food access programs in the community. So you can fill your 'fridge and give back at the same time.

My favorite farmers market in the city I am so excited... Woke super early and getting ready for opening day at the Glenwood Sunday Market!!! I'm eager to check out the new lineup the Council worked so hard to gather.  It's so wonderful that the most organic market in Illinois is opening for the season.

Earth's First Harvest...Midnight Sun...Fresh Tomate...Dirt Girl...Hardin Family Farms...B True...Katherine Anne...  The list goes on!! I can't wait to see old friends and meet new ones!!

Getting late gotta run. Bringing bags for scads of lovely fresh food. 

Worth the wait The market is in the small street Glenwood next to the Morse train tracks.  You can find miscellaneous items from kale, strawberries, raspberries, whole wheat espresso brownies which I thought were excellent.  I purchased an herb, lime basil and can't wait to see it grow. 

The people are super friendly and they do take credit cards. I wish they would have more fresh fruits... Yes i still shop at the Glenwood Sunday Farmers Market. My latest discovery is already done and marinated tofu. One container is $6 or two for $10. I love that the tofu is already cooked and flavored for me and ready to go. I get the very spicy flavor. I eat it for lunch or dinner. I also like the fresh pesto stand again same price, one container is $6 or two for $10, very garlicky so watch out, don't eat it before a date or job interview. I find the vegetable stands very expensive and the tomatoes don't have that rich tomato smell so I am not too sure about them. Take away the degenerate alcoholics, the hazy cigarette musk, and the basement indoor housing, and you have a place where everyone knows your name.  I true neighborhood farmer's market with a surprising variety of vendors (given its size) that should keep your fridge stocked for the week. Dogs and kids galore, and strangely easy to find parking. Come say hello. Eh, you know? This is just one of those "eh" places. It's way, way too crowded for the amount of vendors. On one hand, it's a lot of the vendors people are familiar with for a lot of the things you want. On the other hand, they have about 1/3rd of a card table to put their stuff on (and you have about the same amount of room to move around.

I'm happy to explore farmers markets as I love them, but this is just blah. After making the short loop around everything twice, I wanted to get out of there more than I wanted to even stay and take in the experience. I don't get what the charm is of this place - I really don't see any.  It's not horrible, but it's just not....good. On the one hand, it is a weak version of a market.  On the other hand, it's their first year, and as with ice cream shops and used bookstores, you can never have too many.  (You could also apply the "pizza and sex" rule here.)  So I am glad to have them in the neighborhood.  I would like to see some more variety or simply more quantity of vendors, although I realize that the alley/train viaduct space is limiting. Let's see how they evolve and improve over the next couple of years.

I've visited twice so far this season, once right after 9am and once around noon.  On the first occasion, I was disappointed to see several vendors not yet ready for business, and in one case not even present.  Another early criticism that I had read, however, was dispelled during my second visit--that some vendors run out of goods too quickly.  Every stand that I saw yesterday was well stocked.

Sadly, I don't see too many actual farmers at this market, but there are a few non-leafy highlights.  For example, the practically ubiquitous Bennison's Bakery and Mint Creek Farms will outfit you with breads or sweets and sheep or goat meat, respectively.  But also there are a few places that you've probably never heard of, such as Sweet Attila's Bake Shop, available only online or at the market.  They make a pretty darn good lemon sandwich cookie, but some of their other stuff is a little too pedestrian for the price.  Or check out Crafthouse Market Goods for sausages:  they have a decent bratwurst and an odd, fascinatingly overspiced "pirate wurst."

There was an outfit sampling drop-dead amazing Italian apple-cider doughnuts.  Uh-MAYzing.  It was too warm to buy any, or their pizza or other hot food, but I am keeping them in mind for a Sunday lunch (and dessert) when cooler weather arrives.The market runs until October 17th, and I will definitely be back. Awesome market with friendly vendors, great organic products.  They take credit cards and Link. So happy it's in my neighborhood! Glenwood Sunday Market is a fairly small farmer's market, but it has the necessities of any good farmers market: seasonal fruits and veggies, meat and dairy options, a bakery, and a few other options sprinkled throughout. 

I'm not sure of individual vendors names (I only know where they set up their booths), but here's what I make sure to get almost every Sunday in the summer:
Eggs
French Baguette (we'll either do bread, cheese and fruits for lunch or we'll eat it with pasta that night)
Veggies (zucchini, kale, squash, green beans--all whenever they're available/in season)
Fruit (blueberries in the early months, apples in the fall)
Cider (when it is available)

If we don't buy meat, we'll drop ~$20 for the week's haul. Not cheap, but not awful (fairly comparable to buying organic at Mariano's). 

Less often, but when we can, we'll get meat for the week from the vendors there: bacon, pork loin and shoulder, steaks, etc. It's certainly not the most economical way to buy meat, but it's incredible quality. I also finally stopped by the mushroom vendor at the end of this season, and really regret that I hadn't before. The cheese guy that's there all the time is also wonderful. 

Bring cash. Came here at 8:15 last Sunday. Had no idea they opened at 9. All the tables were set up. The people were sitting there with wads of cash in their hands. And they wouldn't sell us anything.

Also, we're all about supporting our neighborhood, but the prices at the Glenwood market are $1-2 more than the Daley Plaza Farmers Market on Thursdays. When Rogers Park is more than downtown, something is very, very wrong. Summer has officially started now that the market's back! Organic & locally grown veggies & meats & goodies. It's a great little market. No it's not the biggest, but there's a great variety of produce and meats. This year they're doing lots of events too. Last weekend was all you can eat BBQ. They did a chili cook-off during the winter market; I can wait to see what else they'll be doing.

Also, there's a truffle stand with free samples. Need I say more? Hear ye, Hear ye, Hear ye...come one, come all to the newest farmer's market in town.  The right honorable Rogers Park invites you to the city's greenest market in the fair city of Chicago!  All of the farmers are organic growers or are in the process of transitioning to organic. 

Being the FM fanatic that I am, I just had to check out this brand spanking new one.  I am telling you...I have a problem.  Upon arriving at the corner of Glenwood & Morse...you could just feel the excitement (truly it was palpable).  As I arrived about 10 mins before the opening, a crowd had already gathered...people eagerly waiting with the reusable bags for the ribbon cutting ceremony (nice touch!).  The Alderman was there with his wife to say a few words and then poof the flood gates opened.   

Now the market...well, being the 1st day & all, there are definitely some kinks that need to be worked out.  For instance, it should open on time, the vendors should be there & ready BEFORE the market opens, the cars should be moved way before the market opens, the information booth should be set up & ready to go at least 30 mins before opening time, and most importantly, the vendors should have their booths well manned...poor ladies working the bread booth, it was swamped!  I am sure as the weeks go by, the kinks will get smoothed out and the market will be top notch.

This is the definition of neighborhood FM...it is small and quaint.  Now, I am bit spoiled with the Evanston Market...it is spacious and well stocked.  However, the people are friendly & the vendors are super excited to show you what they have.  They should be as it is quality stuff.  I got a few things here, but I know that it will not satisfy my list of needs for FM food...so this will serve as my supplemental FM.  

Overall, I do recommend checking this place out, however it is not going to stock you pantry just yet.  Plus, this is a great neighborhood to check out and the market is just off the Redline at Morse...pretty sweet! Just want to comment on some of the comments so far. Full disclosure, I am the Marketing Chair for GSM and am on the board and I am an unabashed fan of our lil' ol' market. Personally, I call it the little market that could!

It is true that the first day, our vendors were taken by surprise with the turnout. There were 1000+ people there that first Sunday. We got feedback that they had never seen anything like this on an opening day of a new neighborhood market. Rogers Park just went and exceeded their expectations! The other thing our vendors have told us they have not experienced before is the level of enthusiasm and community support. We have volunteers showing up at 7am Sunday to help vendors unload!

The truth is we have a farmers' market desert in RP and the demand is huge- we and our vendors are doing our best to meet that demand. We are actively seeking organic fruit growers, however people looking for fruit should keep in mind that it is still early in this region for fruit. More will be coming as the season continues.

Since opening day, we have added several more vendors and the block is now full. Also, vendors have increased supplies and far less people are going away empty. 

The first day we did have an issue with cars being towed but that has improved greatly also.

Sheree Moratto is a fantastic Market Manager with a can do attiude and generous spirit. 

I know the board appreciates your constructive feedback and I will pass it along to them. We are working hard to meet the demands of the community and raise awareness about what local food means. 

I can tell you all one thing. You will not find a market with greater heart in the city than this one! Good, fun  market. However, for now I'd call it a neighborhood market rather than a farmer's market. So far, there is less produce and more processed products (chocolates, jams, cheeses etc.). Stuff seems to run out quickly (chicken eggs were gone when I arrived at 9:20), and a lot of lines. Everyone is friendly, though, and the market is a fun place to be on a Sunday Morning.
If you're looking for tons of great produce sold by farmers with dirt under their nails, go to Evanston. However, if your in Rogers Park and looking for quality local food products, the Glenwood Sunday Market is good, and hopefully keeps getting better. As a Rogers Park native, I couldn't be more thrilled when I started seeing the "Glenwood Sunday Market" flyers spring up around the neighborhood.  

I've been there the past two Sundays, on the early side, and it's been bustling.

Yes, the meat is frozen, but that is nice for those of use who live alone and can't go through that much meat at once!  I snagged some preserves, salsa, and granola for my first market harvest.  Next week, I hope to branch out a little more.

Some of the vendors offer samples, which is always fantastic.  I'm much more willing to shell out the $ if I know I'll enjoy the product.

Random - last week there was a knight challenging people to fight.  I wish someone would've taken him up on it. Love this market I can walk out my door and buy fresh fruit and veggies for far less than I would pay at the grocery store. I'm very committed to my relationship with my CSA but after walking halfway to a dinner where I was responsible for bringing tomatoes without the tomatoes I needed a quick pit stop. The market is small, tiny compared to Green City Market in Lincoln Park or even the Daley Plaza Market but has a good variety of vendors. Multiple farm stands, a stall selling canned goods, a butcher, and fresh made pasta. 

I grabbed perfect cherry tomatoes from a stall I didn't get the name of (eeek) and on a whim also got half a load of garlic bread from pHlour bakery and cafe. The bread was prize worth. If you're lucky enough to get off at Southport get your produce here! Every year my wife, son and I go to pick apples here, and every year we have a blast.  

It is usually rainy, cold and wonderful as we slog through the dirt road along the rows of apple trees to the back of the orchard where we start to work our way back.  We have a system because by the time we get through a couple of rows, our half peck bag is almost full and heavy.

This is a great experience with your family and can lead to many a pie and baked apple treats in the following weeks.  

They have a little petting zoo for the kids, a hay maze and the worlds coolest idea, an apple sling where you launch over-ripe giant apples into a field to watch them explode with super-grossness.

The gift shop is chock full of treats, and there is a counter where you can get fresh baked apple items and cider donuts.

If you are looking for a family bonding experience, this is a great place to do it. Once a year I enjoy taking my kids to get donuts at the orchard. This year we went back to Curran's. I requested a dozen warm donuts. The middle aged cashier looked at me as if I asked for an organ transplant on the spot. She went on about how they are 425 degrees and she can't serve them that hot. 

Clearly, she wasn't listening to my request. Having worked a cash register in my first job years ago I'm always polite to folks dealing with the public. She said the next batch would be out in 20-30 minutes. 

I waited. Upon coming back to register she said the ones they had were as warm as they will get. They were room temperature. As I have a gluten issue, I don't eat flour. However, Apple donuts once a year are my guilt pleasure. It shouldn't be too much to get warm donuts (not 425 or 225 or even 125 degrees). Warm. 

In summary I wasted a half hour for the same thing I wound up with anyways. Had my kids not been with me I would have left.  I guess I go to Edwards West next year. Great orchard, awesome picking selection. Cute pumpkin patch, some animals. Smaller than other places, but perfect for a nice afternoon trip. The best cider donuts around! You won't be disappointed! Took a day trip out to rockford to visit the boyfriend's mom and I made him take me to this apple orchard.

It was a rainy day so we couldn't pick apples but we sure did buy stuff.

The shop is pretty small but definitely had plenty of apples for sale.
I purchased a bag of honey crisp apples because their website stated they were delicious this season and it was true. Also grabbed a gallon of cider, some apple butter and a fresh made donut! Donuts are made fresh there. I actually watched the donuts being made. 

The staff was pretty friendly and the shop was clean. They also had a mini animal farm and some other attractions but I did not take part in anything else because of the rain. 

If I was in the area I would definitely go back to check out more of the farm. The Cortland apples here are greeaaat for apple pies. Tasty and crisp! I also took some cider and fresh apple doughnuts to go. This is A really nice Orchard it cost way less then the other orchard and it seems better quality the apples were huge I couldnt believe how big they were. I loved all the animals they had outside goats, chicken,pigs, sheep and 2 white turkeys. Inside it smells so good from the cider donuts  Upstairs they had some homemake soaps in soy candles. They even have A house for the bees you can really see the bees going down a pipe into this glass house it was worth the trip out here. Stop by and see Mike from Churchhill Orchards for the greatest peaches, blueberries, plums, etc. around. 

These are the juiciest peaches you will find and remind me of the juicy peaches I had as a kid growing up. There's nothing like eating a big juicy peach that was picked in the last day or so. 

I've been buying my fruit from Mike for about the last seven years and wouldn't even consider going anywhere else.

If you haven't tried Twin Garden Farms Mirai corn yet, you don't know what you're missing.

Stop by and see Adla for your Tupperware, Gail Hanks for your Pampered Chef items, Tyrone and Denise for the best priced, great quality T-shirts around Just came last weekend. I read other reviews that there wasn't any produce, but I went and there were tons of fresh vegetables and a huge table of strawberries. Along with the produce, there were baked goods, food trucks, dog treats, baseball hats, flowers, outdoor decor, and other random stuff. This one booth sells the most amazing homemade pesto and cheesy bread.  Parking was plentiful. I'll be back for sure. Visiting the Tinley Park Farmer's Market is my new favorite Saturday morning activity! Today was my first time and I loved it! Although it is still too early for most fresh produce around here, I did see tomatoes and zucchinis and even purchased a quart of strawberries that are delicious! The guy from Churchill Orchards was so friendly and helpful. I can't wait to visit him more often. I bought items from Tupperware, Tastefully Simple, and Kernel Sweettooth! There are lots of booths with food like Parmesans as well. Gone are the days where the only product at the farmer's market is produce! I look forward to spending my summer Saturday mornings here. Great vendors, great atmosphere, great produce. Definitely a fan, however, very put off by the JUICE PLUS vendor who had nothing nice to say about the produce and vendors. Said they would never eat "those vegetables". Horrible! THIS IS NOT A FARMERS MARKET!!!!!!!!!

This is a Flea Market.  

I was really really excited to ride my bike to this and to be able to buy local produce again.  Of all the things I have given up to move here, local produce and the farmers market is the one thing I miss the most.  

So, imagine my extreme disappointment when we arrived to find vendors selling garden stones, deep fried food, grilled bagels (?) hair bows, etc etc.  

What is missing from this "FARMERS MARKET?"  Oh, that's right, the FARMERS.  And the local and sustainable grown FOOD.  Not vendors selling produce that come from the same boxes as the super market.  But vendors who actually grow the food on their land.  Locally.

When I asked the folks behind the Tinley Park Farmers Market Facebook page about this, and asked if they planned on bringing vendors that would be selling such things, my first post was deleted without answered.  My second post was very rudely answered, and when others started liking and commenting on how incredibly rude they were to me, for no reason at all, it was also deleted.

In conclusion:  THIS IS NOT A FARMERS MARKET.  THIS IS A FLEA MARKET.  And furthermore, the people who run this operation are not nice people!  

Like the lovely people behind the facebook page told me, and since you can no longer read it I will repeat it here:

"We DO NOT and WILL NOT be selling local or organic produce.  We never advertised that we do.  I suggest you look up other farmers markets in the area if you are looking for that." I heard great things about the Tinley Park Farmers Market. What I really liked about it was that it is held on Saturday mornings. So many suburban markets are on weekdays and I can't get to them because I work during the week. It is conveniently located in the Metra parking lot on Oak Park avenue, so it is easy to find and there was lots of parking on the side street. The Amish folks from Rise N Roll bakery are there and they have amazing cheese and donuts. 

What I did not like - it seemed like there were more goods than farm products. Lots and lots of American Girl doll clothing, outdoor decor, tupperware, pampered chef, etc. I saw only two produce stands and one was almost sold out of everything. Sadly, this was more flea market than farmers market. Only recently have I started shopping here regularly (it's now part of my "grocery shopping circuit"), and I'm really pleased with the quality of their produce and the selection of frozen goods.  Their deli, the salad bar, and their prepared foods section is also among the best in the area.  The selection can vary widely, though, so there will be the rare trip - here and there - where I don't find something I'm in the mood for.  Whenever they have chicken pot pies, tough, I'm definitely getting one.  IMO, one of the best store-bought pot pies I've had in decades.

Their butcher counter and meat/seafood selection is pretty solid, for the price.  They have one of the best selection of dairy and non-dairy vegan goods in their refrigerated sections, and fair-to-good prices (definitely keep an eye out for specials).  They are a little limited in their selection of paper products and cleaning supplies, but they have the essentials.  Their selection of canned and boxed dry goods is fairly good, though you need to keep an eye on the prices (they seem to vary month-to-month).  They have a great selection of beauty and wellness products, though their prices can vary a bit too (keep an eye out for coupons and specials).  The store is very well maintained, the staff are all very good, and their checkout lines are often pretty quick.  

I think Fresh Thyme's best feature, which I decided to save for last, is their Bulk Foods section.  They have an excellent selection - everything is super fresh, and their prices-per-weight are often among the best in the area that I've found so far for the quality.  They have the best local honey here, at any price (and their happens to be quite reasonable), based on my tastes.  Their assortment of bulk snacks and candies are exceptional, and the prices are great, as well.  Fresh Thyme's Bulk Foods section fuels my gummy candy addiction. 

Fresh Thyme has now become a permanent stop on my "grocery shopping circuit."  No one store in the area has everything I need, for the right price, but Fresh Thyme covers 2/3rds of what I need.  If the other stores in my list suddenly disappeared, I could probably get 90% of what I needed from Fresh Thyme, and I'd be okay with that. One of the better Fresh Thyme locations in the area. Prices are a bit high on non-produce and non-sale items, but extremely competitive if you're searching for these specific items. As the name implies, this is one of the best places to look for fresh fruits and vegetables in the area with tons of selection of all different types of apples, grapes, squash, etc. If you visit on Wednesday, you can take advantage of the current and previous week's sales on the same day.

The selection of premium dry items, coffee, ice cream, and meat is also impressive as well. Prices are a bit high for these, but very competitive when it comes to very premium items (such as Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams). Cooked food is similar in quality to other local restaurants, for a much cheaper price.

The store is very well kept, clean, and organized. It is well lit with generous aisle space and easy-to-read labels. Good grocery store for a wide variety of staple and premium items. I really like it here! I come for fresh veggies and meats. Their organic veggy section is slim, but I usually go for non-organic produce, which is priced much lower here than at most other stores in the area. Their meat is priced pretty well too, and they have nitrate-free deli turkey and ham, and a pretty cool selection of sausages/brats made with pork or chicken on the other side of the store.
The staff at the deli and meat counters are always nice and knowledgeable, as are staff in the produce sections and vitamin & body care section. 
A bonus- I always had back to their discontinued items section back by restrooms and score good deals on interesting items like tiny tupperware, protein powder, and skin care items. 
The only thing lacking seems to be friendly cashiers.
I come here about twice a month, and I'd say half the time, the cashiers seem like they'd rather be somewhere else. It might be for lack of something to do, as there frequently aren't a lot of customers. It'd be a shame to see this place go, though, as the products are good value and quality, a match that I'm hard pressed to find elsewhere around here. I have been going to the Deerfield location since they first opened. There are a lot of changes for the worse. Their prices definitely went up, their sales are not as good, their customer service got a lot worse, their coffee is old and stale, even on the Saturday mornings, and to top it all of, you have to check you receipt because they charge wrong prices often. They don't have many  customers, and I think that if the Fresh Thyme does not change for the better, it will loose remaining few that are still left. Some people I have talked to have had mixed reviews on this place and not sure where it fits into the market. I say think trader joes meets whole foods. Or remember before whole foods bought out fresh fields back in the day...yah it's been a while but fresh fields was soooo...much better and more affordable. 
Anywho the staff here is friendly and helpful. The store might not have everything you need (like the comparison stores I mentioned) but what they do have is a really nice selection of healthy options and a great prepared food/deli/vegetable area etc. Nice selection of wine and craft beer. I am very glad this opened in the area and will be back again soon. My favorite place to shop for produce! I don't know how they're still in business because it's always near empty when I'm there, but I love the short lines and it's great that I can zip in and out without fighting a crowd. They also have a great selection of natural and organic foods, some that I haven't been able to find at my other regular stores. My only complaint is hey stopped carrying kosher chicken. Please Fresh Thyme, don't go away! Friendly and helpful staff!!  Everything they sell is fresh and afordable!! I Love this store!!! Wonderful new grocery entry in the area.  Good produce selection.  Great bulk offerings (tho area has been cut back lately.  Regular sales in meat and dairy departments with great values.  Lots of wood/nice ambiance.  Natural food influence without the high cost/snobbery of whole foods. This place is my new favorite store for fresh produce and meats.  It's not as big as a typical grocery store so their selection is limited, but they make up for it in quality and weekly ad sales.  I also love getting their sushi.  It is always fresh and delicious...their crunchy California roll and shrimp tempura roll are better than most sushi restaurants!  Just wish they opened one closer to me. I wanted to wait until I had enough visits here to write a solid review. Now that I have been here nearly 4 days a week for the last 2 weeks I think we've got a big enough sample size. 

The place is really well lit and well laid out. Groceries that are dark make me think, are they hiding something? This one is impeccably clean and well organized. It will take no time at all to find items in this store. Terribly intuitive.  

The produce is beautiful and well priced. Cheaper than Whole Foods by a mile. The produce is extremely well laid out.

Hot items: One of my favorite thing about his place is the lunch. Their hot lunch items are excellent and well priced. Daily, they have a sandwich of the day that is $5. They also have a nice soup and sandwich combo. I have the Vietnamese sandwich last week and it was excellent. 

Dairy: the dairy is well priced. They have the standard brands, but they also have lots of clean eating/organic choices. I purchased butter, yogurt and milk and was happy with the selection, price, and amount of time before the expiration date. 

Alcohol: luckily, I came at the right time and there was a wine sample. Excellent wine with a nice display. All the wines I liked were under $10. Nice beer selection, lots of bomber bottles to choose from. 

Deli: I bought the premade pork tenderloins. I bought one with wild rice and another with broccoli and cheddar. These were fantastic and inexpensive. Makes it difficult to be motivated to make yourself when the premade tastes better than your own and there is no chopping involved. 

Lotions and herbs: good place to go. Lot's of options and not all will hurt your wallet 

Bulk foods: I don't buy a lot of bulk foods but the granola was fantastic. Great place to buy rice. 

Overall: I haven't found any negatives with this place. It's never crowded, helpful service, and excellent food for the price I don't know, I just don't know what I think about this new grocery in the area.

Tonight, an hour before close, there were four cars in the parking lot and only three of us in the store shopping. It felt sad! I've been wanting to check this store out for awhile, and tonight I decided to stop in. 

Here's the deal:
* It reminds me of Whole Foods, but smaller like a Trader Joes.
* The organic produce selection is pretty small.
* The decor is really cute, and guides you to think you're at a farmers market.
* There is a most substantial natural vitamins section.
* The yogurt is super expensive, but they sure have a nice selection.
Note: Chobani here. You won't find this at Whole Foods.

Would I go out of my way to come here? The answer is only if I needed to. If I want pricey I'd head to Whole Foods. If I want produce I would go out of my way to go to Marianos. For the basics, it's Jewel for me. 

It's not that I don't like the store, I just think I can find what I need elsewhere. Pretty decent food and prices. good selection. Nice store and pretty good staff. Not sure yet what i think of the quality of some of the deli food. I have gotten the rotisserie chicken salad twice and both times i have hurt my teeth biting onto a bone. 

I'm sure i'll try them again in the future, but it might be a bit. For me it's all about the deli counter along with the cooked to order pizzas. Their subs and muffulettas are really tasty and they don't skimp on the lunch meats. Loved the Italian beef and cheese. Order a pizza with as many ingredients as you like for no additional charge on wheat or regular white flour dough. Ready in ten minutes. Love the brats and the wide variety of fresh made sausages. Hell I even had sushi there and I'm not really a raw fish guy but it was tasty. Excellent fresh made daily breads. Fresh Thyme rocks, especially on double ad Wednesdays!  If you really want to save a ton of money, go on Wednesdays and grab the low prices from both weekly ads for (mostly) organic and healthy food.  I'd put it in between a Traders Joes and Whole Paycheck.  The produce is the jewel of Fresh Thyme.  The employees are friendly. Another thing is they offer samples all over the store and kids get to snack on free produce!  You can't beat that! Now my favorite market for meat! A few weeks ago I noticed the store was having a sale on beef tenderloin.  I had never shopped there before but the sale price was too good to pass up.  I ended up buying tenderloin for Christmas Eve dinner.  The tenderloins were delicious - beautifully trimmed and tied - and super tender! I've been serving tenderloin for over 30 years and everyone said it was the best ever!! Thank you to the butchers at Fresh Thyme! A hidden gem!

Great produce at reasonable prices.  The deli is second to none!

A must-try for anyone in the area. Last week drove over to pickup some items that are unavailable any where else. 

Gave the fruits and veggies another chance because I was there and out of each item. 
Well, unfortunately those turned to mold in two days: grape fruit and peaches- its apparent if you dont eat them right away they go to mold- refrigerated or not. 
Warning: if you buy these item, eat them day of purchase.

I will now only purchase dry or frozen goods. 

Hope they can figure out the problem! This store is like quadruple in size of the store down in Fairview Heights, Il. Unfortunately, it is also like quadruple in slowness in the check out line. 

We were third in line, and it took 10 minutes to get through the line. Despite another checker coming to help, it didn't change the wait at all. The checker didn't know any of the bread prices or any of the maybe fruit? bulk? stuffs...without any SKU numbers, she stood there with the person in front of us consulting a list. The customer finally had to tell her how much each item was...and she rung it up accordingly. So management definitely needs to train their staff more before sending them out to the wolves.

Other than that...it's your typical Fresh Thyme store. The meats and deli counter are larger in size than the one down in Fairview Heights, but they are pretty comparable to what Jewel and Whole Foods have. It was also almost deserted in the store, not sure if that's typical on a Tuesday night. They also do not have a fresh juice bar, like the Fairview Heights one has...but they have more variety in nut butters.  It's still a good store providing competition to the ever-changing grocery scene in Chicagoland. I recently went to this location. I had gone before and had a good experience. I had never reviewed it before, but after yesterday's visit it was a must.  The location is not so great but cute decor. It was really clean so that's nice. The customer service at the fish department was plain awful yesterday. Very rude. With the guy bumping me without an excuse me and the same guy not asking  if I needed any help. Clearly I was standing there waiting for him to acknowledge me. So when that didn't happened, I said "excuse me sir could you please help me?" Again no answer, but he got what I needed. (With burp included) I don't know if I'll be back, but I like their sales and most of the other employees. So maybe I'll think about it. (Really hard) This isn't a farmers market. It's a rather small grocery store in the vein of Whole Foods or Sunset Foods. The price points, selection, and atmosphere were nothing special. The deli stuff I bought were mundane and bland. The store was also weirdly empty and had an interesting spacious layout in their aisles. That earned them a second star because I get anxious at grocery stores due to the tedious waits and milling idiots wandering aisles. A lot of those places like Jewel or Target have an already seedy vibe and eerie aura and their crowds make that shtty feeling worse. So this one is noteworthy as a contrast. Saturday 6/22/13 was the first Washington Farmers' Market. Because of the amount of rain we've had and flooded fields, produce may be a little slow this summer. My wife was quite pleased with the lettuce. Much better than store-bought, according to her. The radishes tasted good, but some were "woody". The strawberry preserves were excellent! We also had crafters come in: one lady all the way from Lincoln. Her shop is The Cloth Penguin, and she has baby bands, jewelry, skirts, and other stuff. Reach her at jfrawleyb@comcast.net. Another crafter had his wife staff the booth: thesycamoretree.net. He sells unique gift items. I'm looking forward to next Saturday when we might have more farmers show up. Northtown Farms specializes in pork burgers. Garden Marketplace specializes in vegetables. I've been coming to Oak Park Farmers Market for 20 years and every year it has improved upon itself and expanded to offer more and more delicious and unique things like cheese, bread, honey and jams/sauces in addition to standard fresh fruits, plants, flowers and vegetables. 

I'm one of the few people who don't actually care for the donuts themselves but I do love how Pilgrim Church shares the donut sale proceeds with so many awesome community non-profits. I also love the gathering of talented folk musicians who come out each Saturday to play near the donut stand! The musicians were gone by the time I arrived at 12:30 today so be sure to come early if you want donuts, music and the full variety of stands open. About a third were already sold out or broken down by 12:35 which is a shame since I can never get to the market before that time due to a class this year. 

Finding nearby metered street parking can be a challenge but if you park a few blocks away and walk in to the market you should be ok. I just attended the Farmer's Market this morning. I like this market, I have gone several times a year for a few years. 
Although there are quite a few vendors, the vendors and products are the same each time and each year. There are seasonal items which is great. 
I would like to see a little more in the way of food products you can snack on while walking through the market. 
Also, I'm never entirely sure why Carnivore isn't in there. Carnivore supports local farmers and I usually wind up buying a lot of produce after I shop there. 
I would like to see a bit more variety. 
It is a nice market though, it's run well. 
I consistently by chocolate croissants from Katie's and flowers from the Stand in the south/east corner of the lot. 
There are lots of parking options and it's right down the street from a lot of shops and restaurants. I do recommend going early. Really good experience coming here on weekends with the kids.

The church parking lot where the farmers market is makes their own donuts - cinnamon, powdered sugar and plain. All excellent! I'm not sure if the donuts are more popular than the items from farms.

Normally, I come to get fresh honey and a few fruits. The oak park community turns out every weekend for the market and you will often bump into neighbors....make sure you've wiped the powdered sugar off your moth.

Prices can be a bit high. But, feels good to support real farmers making real food.

Did I mention donuts? This is my local farmer's market located in the parking lot of Pilgrim's Church on Lake Street. It opens early so I recommend getting there early (b 4 11am)before everything is sort of picked over. The selection of vendors/area farmers ranges from fresh fruit to flowers to salsa, jellies, olive oil and meats.  Don't forget to stop by the donut booth where local businesses/churches/groups host every week and proceeds are then donated. The donuts are phenomenal!! There is also usually an eclectic group of musicians of all ages jamming together during the market hours. It's convenient that most vendors accept credit cards and of course cash. I believe you can use link cards too. Great selection of produce, flowers, cheese, etc. The donuts r fresh and today was roasted corn day. I wish there were a few more options for coffee and breakfast. Can't wait to try out our fresh honey and real seasonings, not the salt filled choices from the grocer. Great selection of freshly grown vegetables and fruits.
Cool selection of jams, cheeses and spreads.
The only problems are the whole thing is cramp/stuffed into a parking lot 
and there is hardly any parking in the area. HUGE Hassle Of all the farmers markets in the area this is probably my least favorite!! The produce is pretty good. The market lacks prepared food and bakery items which is disappointing. I know they don't allow bakeries because they do bake sales and donut sales but I'm not a fan of either of these! Yes. I do come here for the donuts!!  They are so good, they melt in your mouth. Yum!  This market has a wide variety of produce and plants. You can get anything from veggies, fruits, cheese, eggs, honey, jams, herbs, plants, beeswax soap and meats!  ;) but don't leave without trying some of those delicious donuts!! I try to make it to the OP farmer's market once or twice a Saturday a month without running late to work. That has been an unsuccessful feat! Anyway, OP farmers market at the Pilgrim Baptist Church is famous for their homemade donuts which you gotta wake up real early in the morning to get...seriously! *Sidenote: Do not buy a couple of donuts and take to work! Even if you put your name on them, some idiot will steal them!*  It's that good. 

Last year I went I tried a sample of this cranberry salsa from a farmer from Michigan. It was so good, I went back and bought another jar and saved it for Thanksgiving. I also bought a bunch of golden beets, I never had them before. They're good for roasting and putting in a veggie taco! 

So OP farmers market is great for their selections and location... LOVE

This is by far my favorite farmer's market....it's the right size and has a perfect amount of great, friendly vendors.  They remember you week after week and make the experience great.  

And have I mentioned the wonderful donuts...wait...I won't because I don't want the line to be any longer (no donuts here!) Love this farmers Market! It's so home town and full of happy people enjoying the summer. From residents playing folk music and singing to all the smell of cinnamon and sugar home made donuts!! Usually a line for the donuts but well worth the wait.  There's tree types of homemade donuts : plain, cinnamon and sugar, or powdered sugar. My all time favorite market in the area.  Really good selection of fruits and veggies stands. Also fresh baked goods and cheese vendors, jellies and sweets.  My favorite things to buy are the fresh flowers that are offered at a really good price and last a long time since they are fresh cut. It's very family friendly and great for bringing he wagon to carry the kids and goodies you buy. There's always parking and easy to get to. Too bad the weather in Chicago only allows the market to go from May to October. Our family loves going to the Oak Park Farmers Market. There are lots of great vendors offering fresh locally grown produce, flowers and more. Oh and the church sells some incredible donuts! And there is even a band. Last Saturday's of the month there are special activities for the kids. Not to be missed! Nothing special.  Good looking produce, but expensive even by farmers market standards.  The famous donuts here are quite ordinary, but at least cheap.  Nice garden plants and fresh cut flowers.  Always a good bluegrass band.   What this market really needs is prepared hot food.  But Oak Park won't allow it. Love this Farmers Market. There is an abundance of produce stands. A few organic produce stands. 
You can find local honey, local pasture raised eggs and proteins. 
Check out the mushrooms and salad mix at Tree of Life. They are right by the bakery stand by the church. 
Stovers stand has great fruit and jam's and such.
Beautiful flowers and lovely people abound! 
Check this market out on Saturdays.
I tried the donuts and found them to be overly sweet.  Try one for yourself though, a lot of people love them. My own town has a perfectly wonderful Farmers' Market but I have to admit it, the one in Oak Park is bigger and better.  It is like your average Farmers' Market times at least two.  Any fruit or vegetable you want, it is here, in triplicate.  Plus, unlike my town, they do not allow dogs so you can walk around without any barking or dog poo to avoid.  Perfect!

I know what you are thinking, hmmm, Kathleen does not usually get quite this sentimental about produce, there must be something else going on here.

Fine, yes, there is.  The donuts.  The ambrosia that is sold hot, fresh and in a sugary circle of fantastic flavor.  Those cinnamon donuts are the stuff dreams are made of.

I can't wait for this Farmers' Market to start up again.  I am coming donuts, I will be there! Love this farmers market! I go every weekend in the summertime. The fresh produce is great, and several vendors sell honey, eggs, cheese, ice cream, and meat as well. The fresh-made donuts they sell every week benefit a different local charity every week. There's also a garden stand that sells lovely plants, and the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. 

Most vendors accept credit/debit cards, and last summer there was a special program that gave Link card users double their money in purchases (spend $5 for $10 worth of goods, etc.). Fun to visit and a nice way to relax and mingle with other Oak Park locals, but most produce is very overpriced for what it is.  What it is? Fresh and Local.  What most isn't: ORGANIC or NON-GMO.  

With the type of clientele that Oak Park provides a market like this, I would expect a bit more in terms of value (like getting organic non-gmo produce for the prices charged here normally.) But, I totally understand you are at least in part paying for the experience.  

Is the City of Oak Park just charging the vendors too much to allow them to charge competitive prices??? I just moved to Oak Park and decided to take the first Saturday in my new place to explore the area - wow was I pleased!  After the quick walk down Lake Street and past the Oak Park River Forest High School campus, I got to the large Farmers Market.  Such a great selection: from soaps, veggies, fruit, honey, cheese, donuts, and breads... you really get all that you could ever want!  Make sure to bring some cash - while some places do accept cards, I found myself out of money and wanting more from the places who only took cash. This is as good as a farmer's market gets if you live near the area.  Although it's not as diverse as some great markets on the Pacific Northwest or West Coast, it provides a good selection.

On that note, the selection is NOT created equal.  I recommend walking around once before you purchase.  You will see that although their website states they are "organic", not everything sold here (produce wise) is organic.  I don't do GMO's, chemical spraying, and the like but you have to ASK the families because I found that after asking this year (2013) almost all, with the exception of 3 booths sprayed pesticides and in some cases, also fungicides.  That is NOkay in my house.

There is a booth that sells grass-fed cow/goat cheese, spreads, butter, and ice cream that is AMAZING.  And although there are two booths selling meats this year (that I saw), only one of them is grass-fed (Heartland Meats), and even they said that they supplemented in the last 3 months before slaughter with grain, yet couldn't tell me if it was genetically modified grain??  I figure, 3 months of fattening on the grain, but a lifetime before that pastured, I will compromise and okay that meat.  Plus, I appreciated that he took the time to talk to me, answer my questions and inquiries regarding feed, gmo's, and purchasing in quarters.  Which is more than I can say for the other booth that handed me a brochure after my questions that included only pricing.

My favorite family booth is Tree of Life.  They have wonderful, quality, beautiful produce and the two of them are seriously the most friendly people I have ever met.  They answered all my questions...they are completely organic, no chemical spraying, and they have a CSA (community share agreement) if you want to buy boxes weekly.

All in all, I frequent this market every weekend.  And past reviews also state they only accept cash.  However, they except credit cards at some booths and others that don't will give you a receipt to go to the "yellow" tent and they will ring up the sale for you.  You can then return to the booth of purchase, hand them the paid receipt and pickup your goods. 

Also, in an attempt to help those who are having hard times and unemployed, this farmer's market will also accept the IL Link card.  You pick out your goods and return to the "yellow" tent with your receipt, pay with your Link and then return to pick up your goods.  Additionally, because you purchased REAL food from a farmer's market, in lieu of junk at a grocery store, you also are awarded a match coupon for every dollar you spend up to $20.  You spend $20 on your Link card you get another $20 in coupons to spend at this farmer's market.  That's $40 of fresh produce for $20 off the Link card.  I think that this a wonderful incentive to help steer people to REAL food in lieu of soda's, chips, and junk.  I don't know how long that goes on, I just asked about the program because I saw the signs. Been here for years. Savour Magazine did a write up about the donuts that are made on site. Lots of Farmers with Organic produce, lovely flowers & Nichols Farm from Illinois. Open from 7am-1pm from Mid May thru the end of October. A Saturday A.M. staple. Support your local farmers & CSA are available. It's end of the season and there are still some great looking vegetables, flowers and more. This is a nice quiet time to get some great buys. 

I like the small size of this farmer's market. It's accessible by train. There is the McClory bike path right next to it. And plenty of parking. 

Great places in lake forest for coffee and a nosh after you peruse the market. Very nice Farmers Market on Saturdays with a selection of produce, baked goods and other offerings. Interestingly enough, neighboring Lake Bluff still has a better farmers market (on Fridays), but Lake Forest is catching up. Vincennes Farmers market, Located in the riverfront pavilion. Produce, locally grown, Music, free yoga on Saturdays, Covered so the rain does not affect it 
open Wednesday's Evenings and Satuday morings After discovering this market recently, I've made an effort the past couple of weekends to stop in and stock up on fresh produce. The prices are VERY reasonable and the fruits and veggies are all good quality. The cherries and strawberries tasted exceptionally good. Also their bunches of flowers were 3 for $10 and each bunch was so generous!! $10 is a bargain for what you get. Also I nabbed a big pack of hand peeled garlic cloves for 99 cents, which was great since I'm always cooking with garlic and loathe peeling them. 

In addition to fruits, vegetables and flowers.. They also have an assortment of jarred goods, donuts and breads from Breadsmith.

I will continue coming to this market on the weekends when I'm in the area! Check it out!! Wow, this place sure turned out to be a random gem of a find. The GF was in the same shopping center at Victoria's Secret and I decided to take a rain check. I am a pretty shameless kinda guy, but it is a tad early in our relationship for me to be giving feedback on her choice of undergarments. Let me get another couple months under my belt and it will be on like Donkey Kong though.  

This place is really just a large tent erected smack dab in the middle of a parking lot. This is not something you would expect to find at the Arboretum of South Barrington shopping center, which is one of the nicer places in the area to blow though disposable income. Since I was approaching from the back of it while I was walking, I was thinking it was just some sidewalk or tent sale from one of the merchants. 

My mind switched gears pretty quick after I got to the front. The fresh produce they had on display was awesome. Since everything looked so great, I grabbed a hand basket and went a little nuts. I ended up picking up fresh corn, raspberries, onions, shallots, garlic and some very impressive looking fresh tomatoes. The tomatoes were frggin HUGE too. They were larger than a softball and looked like a genetic engineering experiment. I made myself a BLT sandwhich with one of them earlier and they were sensational. Other offerings were fresh bread, maple syrup, pasta, sauces and marinades, melons and assorted citrus fruits. 

I was chatting up the checkout girl and she informed me that they set up shop there every weekend in roughly the same location. Specifically on my visit they were located in front of Arhaus Furniture and adjacent to Victoria's Secret. Look at the bright side, you can have your GF pick up a Baby Doll or Teddy and still knock out some stir fry ingredients all in one fell swoop. Everybody wins! 

Lastly, and not surprisingly, they do not take cards so you will have to have some cash on you. However, stuff was very reasonably priced. My total was a little over 10 bucks and I got a haul. Went here yesterday morning because I wanted to check out a farmer's market & buy some fresh produce. Plus, I heard this one was great.

I wasn't impressed. All the produce was old & not very good. 

Maybe it was an off day, though. I'll have to check it out again some other day The fruits and veggies are always good and fresh. Convenient hours, and they take credit cards. Also, they have some of the best prices around when it comes to farmer's markets. Definitely worth the money to go. We love stocking up every week! I especially like the fact that they don't have a lot of vendors to distract from why I'm there. It's fruits, veggies and breads. My mom never tells me about shopping, she's not a "shopper" exactly, but when she finds a good place to find food that is reasonably priced, she makes a point to let me know about it. 

I love to cook and we eat a lot of fruits and veggies at our house so a good, local farmer's market---right up my alley. 

We went this past weekend to check it out and it was even better than what I had expected. 6 romaine hearts for $1.99, 4 peppers (mixed colors- yellow, red, green) for $1.50, Cucumbers 5/$1, fresh pineapple $.99 ea, need I go on? 

For about $15, we got all of our fresh produce for the week. I was thrilled!! We will be going back- and soon. Probably next weekend! I recommend you stop by too! I came here today on my lunch break. I know it's brand new, but this farmers market is TINY. There were 2 meat sellers, 2 sandwich vendors, 1 cheese stand, 1 bagel stand, 1 pasta stand, and a single produce vendor. I bought a sandwich from the Trump Hotel people, and it was yummy. I hope this farmers market survives because it would be nice to avoid the insanity of Daley Plaza and have a leisurely lunch by the river, but they need more vendors. Also, it's only happening once a month. I have a hard time thinking the market will grow with that kind of (in)frequency. The pick your own berries are fabulous.  The owners are very friendly and laid back and the berries are SO good.  Reasonably priced AND organic! Blue Skies Berry Farm is much more than just berries. They are at the summer farmer's markets around Madison, including the famous Madison Farmer's Market. All Organic grown vegetables and berries. You can stop in and pick your own berries in season. Great stuff. we've been a member for a few years and i'm always so excited for the season's first pickup.  the veggies are delicious - i cook a lot but joining a CSA definitely pushed me to learn new recipes and focus on local, in season produce.  the weekday pickup options are great too & i love the little notes that come with our weekly shares.  i am so glad we found this CSA! Hadn't been here in a number of years because I usually trek over to the Downers Grove Farmers Market. But this is closer, and for convenience I stopped by here this morning. 

It's bigger than I remember, and unlike DG there are not as many prepared foods etc; the focus does seem to be on the produce, though there are some booths selling olive oil, salsa, jelly, flowers, baked goods and the like. 

I got some delicious raspberry jam from JellyKicks, salsa from Hair of the Ferret, and a croissant cup for breakfast from DeEtta's Bakery, as well as some sweet corn. Ran into some friends too, which is the benefit of coming to the hometown location! 

Overall, worth a stop on Saturday morning! I hadn't been to the Farmer's Market for a couple of years.  I had some specific items that I wanted for a recipe and wanted the freshest corn possible.  The corn selection was great and the prices were what I expected to pay.  Now for the other items I was really disappointed.  The cilantro was wilting and going bad, the jalapenos were starting to wrinkle and go soft so I didn't purchase those items.  The flower vendor had a very nice selection and one again the prices were what I would expect.  The blueberries, apricots and peaches are overpriced as are the red peppers and green beans. I like to support local growers but the product has to be fresh. 

For the size of Naperville I would expect a larger Farmer's Market. Theres something so relaxing about the Naperville farmers market. Walking around outside with the summer air on my face, to me its also as relaxing as a trip to the spa. The market is in front the the 5th ave train station. Its always pretty busy, but not uncomfortably busy, its a nice spot to people watch too.

Theres a nice variety of goods for sale. From fresh fruit and veggies, to bread, pasta, eggs, local honey, jams, flowers, seafood, chicken and Ive even seen game meat. 

I can not wait for summer to start, I will definitely be here when it opens up again. We are pretty avid farmer's market attendees.  Naperville has a decent location, but we often choose to go to Wheaton (also Saturday mornings) because Naperville's  is one of the smaller markets.  
Even though it does have fewer vendors, the their vendors offer some great products. In my opinion, it also has a nice, laid back atmoshere.
Look for some delicious gluten-free granola, tart cider, fresh veggies, spicy hot sauces, and homemade treats for Fido. 
Sometimes we swing by Naperville before or after Wheaton, or when we don't feel like dealing with the big crowds and narrow aisles. A great farmers market with an abundance of selections.  The location at 5th Avenue Station is perfect.  My only complaint is that they should have a coffee/tea place nearby.  

I've been totally impressed by the selection of just about everything here.  The prices are very reasonable for produce this fresh and delicious.  They also have flowers, meat, soap, and bread.  You can pretty much do your grocery shopping here, if you want to :)  The selection changes based on what's in season (obviously) but you can pretty much guarantee that everything is going to be very high quality.

Definitely one of the nicest farmers markets in DuPage County.  The people are really friendly, and I love giving my money directly to the people that grow my food.  We've been regulars here for years, and we will continue to come back for the high-quality merchandise and friendly vendors. They have a variety of local fruits and veggies, baked breads/pastries, meats and cheeses, pickles, jams and preserves, fresh spices, soaps, and fresh bouquets of flowers.  You can also enjoy freshly made lemonade and freshly popped popcorn.  There was a knife/scissors sharpener and a pet charity booth. There were a couple of vendors with women's accesories and jewelry, clothing and purses.  

It tends to get a bit crowded, depending on what time you arrive.  

A definitive PLUS:  no pets allowed!  Yes!  :)

Negative:  some of the fresh produce we purchased went bad in 2 days.  :(

We will be back, though.  It was great seeing smiling faces just enjoying purchasing fresh ingredients and other items.  

Some vendors accept cash only others cash, checks and credit cards. I have been in terrible denial about the fact that, not only is it summer, but it's August. So even though I've been meaning to go to the farmers market since spring, this is the first time I finally dropped by. Parking wasn't bad, I parked on a nearby street, and the selection of produce was excellent. Coming from Boston, I'll also say that the prices are outstanding. None of that marked-up city pricing nonsense. :) We love to stop by the Farmers Markets around the area and have purchase some killer fruits, veges and canned goods. Always fresh and tastey. My only complaint is that I need to double my income to be able to shop here weekly.

We tend to find some pretty good produce at affordable prices at our local H-Mart. I'm all for buying local, but I just wish the items were more affordable.

The venders are always friendly and happy to let you sample and they love to talk about their wares.

You will be delighted by the down-home feel and the array of amazing in season produce, Openly admitting this....like coffee...I am a farmers market snob.

Heading into the Naperville Farmers Market I knew to expect a couple of vendors...Wisconsin Cheese and of course flowers. Two of the majors that I keep an open eye out for. 

The 5th Street Station opens a small section up for the market which is nice but a piece of me thinks that they...the city...could really go all out for this to bring in more local merchants. 

The produce is very limited, while the weekend that I visited had a bunch of fresh blueberries the actual produce was cut down to snap peas, wax beans and cauliflower. I was hoping to see Purple cauliflower, different types of eggplant and what not but saw the typical. Many of the vendors keep a small placement on their tables and replenish once sold out.

I found this strange, but that could just be me.

I ended up only purchasing a couple of gorgeous cheeses: Tomato/Basil Muenster and Merlot Cheddar which both go well either crumbled in a salad or served with wine.

I'll keep going to the market, because maybe I went on an off weekend but would like to see more 'umph' with the vendors and merchants. This really could be a great market if there were more to choose from. My only regret when it comes to the Naperville Farmers Market is that it is a hefty drive (30+ minutes with the current construction) away. That, and it's not the cheapest market ever.

Lots of space between and around stands, not crowded/squeezed/trampled like Wheaton; reasonable amounts of parking within easy walking distance. Reasonable variety of fruit and veggies. Great flower stand; the $10 bouquet is a tough squeeze into our fairly-wide vase. Certain flowers wilted rather quickly; possibly because they were squeezed into the vase to begin with. (Yes they got a fresh angled cut first.)

Have picked up tomatoes, squashes, peppers, berries, honey, pasta, flowers here; other than one bad cantaloupe, every purchase has been excellent.

Always seem to spend too much money here, and always leave feeling like I could have spent more. Does, as others have noted, seem a bit small for the space, making it a tough call between this and the Wheaton French Market on Saturday's. I went to the Naperville farmer's market with my mom pretty regularly on sweltering summer mornings growing up.  There's quite a variety of local fruits and veggies to be enjoyed, which changes week-to-week based on what's in season.  (Last weekend I picked up a few pints of raspberries and blueberries, and they were uh-freakin'-mazing!)  There's also plenty of fresh breads, meats, salsas, pickles, jams and preserves, fresh spices, soaps, flowers, etc. to make a delicious meal or just perk up your home.

Hint: the earlier you come, the better!  Less crowded, less picked over, and definitely less hot! I like the Naperville Market. It has a few vendors I can't find at other markets.
The mushrooms are great and reasonably priced. They used to have an organic vendor with lettuces, washed and ready to go, but now I have to grow my own. Also I miss the lady who made reasonably priced, gorgeous dried flower arrangements.
The fruits and veggies are top notch, and best of all there is room to walk and enjoy.
I wish they allowed dogs. I suppose some are badly behaved, but just as many people are, and we allow them in.
I also love the smaller vendors. Nicely done. I originally frequented the market every week but I have stopped going altogether. The reason is simple, I'm tired of overpaying for the non-organic products and consider the organic product pricing a blatant rip-off. Do a simple experiment. Buy a pint container of a product, say potatoes, or beans. Go home and weigh it. I guarantee you will be shocked by how much you paid per pound.

I also discovered that the city of Naperville does not regulate the scales used by the farmers. I have a letter from the city verifying that fact. The reason I asked was that I was repeatedly surprised by how much I was being charged based on what I thought the quantity was. I got to the point where I would take my purchases back home, weigh them on a very high quality, accurate scale and discovered that my suspicion was correct; I was being consistently overcharged.

 In fairness, I will admit that the fruit can be very good but as I indicated you will overpay for it and always check the wieghts when purchasing bulk produce. However, since I know how to pick friut I found I can match the quality by visiting some local ethnic markets. 

If money is not an issue, and there are obviously enough people in Naperville for whom that is a true statement, and you don't care what you pay for your food then this is the market for you. This is a lot of fun on Saturday mornings. There's a lot of produce (fresh and local!) as well as a bread tent, dried flowers tent, local honey guy, fresh flowers tent, mushroom tent, cheese specialties, corn-fed meat, and fish/seafood (from Houston). There's also a knife/scissors sharpener and a pet charity booth.

Our typical purchase frenzy may result in any combination of the following: peaches, nectarines, plums, cherries, raspberries, blackberries, local honey, broccoli, onions, cucumber, a basil plant, and preserves! PHEW!

Everyone's' very friendly and in recent years it has become much more crowded, depending at what time you come over. We've shopped here for years. Yes it can be pricey and no it doesn't have 'everything'.  However, the offerings are top notch and more than reasonable comparing taste and freshness. For folks like us who love fresh veggies and flowers it can't be beat. Please, Mokena, If you're going to host a Farmer's Market, you must do something to attract vendors. This review, in no way reflects my opinion of the vendors, just the lack thereof. I'm certain that they weren't any more impressed with the turnout than the shoppers were, with the selection. There's a reason why most of them packed up early as we browsed. The Mokena market is located in the street by the Metra. When it was the French Market, it was in the Metra parking lot. Now they just block the street.

We were in the neighborhood and decided to check out the "new" Mokena market. 

Not sure what this market is trying to be, a farmers market or a flea market. There were just a couple produce stalls, a few home renovation stalls, some crafts and a lot of vendor stuff - think Avon and Pampered Chef. And a guy that had boxes of candy for sale, like it was Halloween time at the Swap O Rama.

I'll stick with the Frankfort Market. Come here every summer on Saturdays. Recently discovered Miraia corn, a sweeter corn than any I've ever tasted, developed and sold at Twin Gardens, Inc (Harvard) a vendor also selling wonderful heirloom tomatoes. 

You can get to the Woodstock Farmers Market also by Metra train, which stops a block from the market square.

Plenty of food, confection, and an antique store or two on the Woodstock Square, along with music in the gazebo. Lovely farmers market with a little bit of everything. Dog and kid friendly. Bought some.lovely produce, jam, and even a bone for my dog! My favorite booth was the 'make your own bouquet' booth. It was so fun! The winter market was a nice place to get some homemade food. We got some soaps as well. One of the tables was unattended for a long time so we had to wait around for them to take our money which is backwards.

When walking in it's not clear what forms of payments are accepted as a first timer but we figured it out from the vendor. A great little farmers market. What the Woodstock market lacks in size is balanced out by the high quality of the vendors, who are all local. It would be nice to see maybe one or two more vegetable/fruit vendors, but the selection is good. Set in the scenic Woodstock square, on Saturday mornings in the summer. This is such a great location for a Farmer's Market, right on the Woodstock Square!  They always have a live band to provide some background music and the vendors are top notch.  You can find organic and/or non-organic veggies/beef, outstanding pork and eggs.  Just delicious stuff.

Soap, stringed instruments, plants (flowers, bushes and even trees).  

Breads, local honey, blueberries, pastries...I'm making myself hungry.  

Its a very good time, my wife and I travel specifically to it as we've gotten to know a few of the vendors and they're good people. This is an amazing farmers market year round, but I specifically wanted to post about how amazing Soap of the Earth is. They are a vendor there and I used them this month to buy favors for a wedding shower I am hosting. First of all Lori Anne was super sweet each time we conversed and she seemed genuinely excited about the order and how to costumize the soaps. She called me the week before pickup just to see if there was any last detail she could possibly add to the product and packaging. It was extremely thoughtful and great service. The price of soap could be tailored to our budget and I walked out of their gleaming with excitment over the product and cute display case she gave me for them!!! I remember going to this Market only a couple of years ago and the quality has surely gone downhill.  

A lot of veggies/fruits are available for purchase, as well as baked goods.  Some are very well priced, others are ridiculous.  I somehow got wormed into buying an $8 loaf of bread, now it was pretty good, but I am pretty sure I could've got something just as nice at Whole Foods/Jewel or, hell, even a bakery for a cheaper price.

I don't know if we got there at a bad time, but it was really picked over and not that many vendors.

My favorite part, however, was the lady that made homemade peanut butters... omg I can't wait to have some Honey Roasted Crunchy butter once I get home :)

AND, I will say the Square has definitely had a face-lift in the past couple of years, all new kinds of shops and eateries. One of the nicer Markets in the suburbs. They have a nice variety and a beautiful setting in historic WoodStock Square. A a great way to relax and spend a Saturday morning. We specifically came here just to check out the farmers' market.  They had a good selection of veggies, meats, and baked goods.  Also, there were a lot of vendors with flowers and plants.  We wish there were more vendors, though!  Such a beautiful setting, it would have been nice to see a lot more people shop/visit and more vendors......

The Downtown Woodstock Square is beautiful, especially if you want to get away from a big city and just enjoy a quieter and slower-paced town.  Just lovely! I live in Barrington, and we have a Farmer's Market here.  There's also one in just about every nearby town.  However, I still choose to drive all the way to Woodstock for their farmers market instead.  It is THAT MUCH BETTER.  I think a big part of the reason is because it's so parent and kid friendly.  The Moms just hang out in the grass with their young children, listening to the live music and munching on fresh veggies and fruits.  The vendors are really nice people too, and there is such a big selection of food from bread and cheese to soaps and fresh produce.  Since it's a long drive, we make a trip out of it and hang out for a while. I went to this Farmer's Market last weekend with high hopes of buying bushels of fresh produce to bring home to Chicago.  We arrived around 10:30am and it was already fairly picked over.  There were a lot of plants for sale, as well as baked goods, honey, jam, etc, but only a handful of vegetable sellers.  

I was able to buy fresh onions, leeks, snap peas, and lettuce. I was hoping for corn, fresh peas, and tomatoes, but I guess it was too early in the season.... We also picked up a delicious foccacia bread.  If I had though to bring a cooler I would have purchased some meat; there were a couple of people selling grass-fed beef and other meats.  

There were folk singers performing in the gazebo in the center of the square, and we had donuts while we sat on the grass and enjoyed being outside in the sun.  

Not really worth the love drive from Chicago just for this, but a good place to stop in if you're in Woodstock or Hurley for something else. Not too shabby midwest, not too shabby. 

I enjoyed walking around the scenic town square and visiting the stands of local farmers. There was a lot of corn. A LOT. But that's okay, because Illinois has the best corn in the world. 

Veggies, meats, and baked goods galore. I wish there were some more ready to eat food-stand that had gluten free items! I miss out on all the good food.

Woodstock is a fun place to take a day trip, and even better on a farmer's market day! I haven't been to many farmers markets (even though every year I say I'm going to), but this was impressive! They had everything from Polish pierogis to your usual veggies, wild flowers, gluten free bread, soaps, kettle corn, and grass fed beef. If you're looking for some different, local, healthy items this is the place to come! They had probably 25 different vendors to check out. And of course, it was fairly priced for what you are getting. It is in the historic square, so when you are done with the farmers market you can check out the local shops near by. I only wish it was closer to me! Cute farmer's market with a lot of local options. Definitely get some kettle corn, I bought a small bag and it is already gone! There were a lot of veggies, fresh flowers, potted plants/trees, cookies, soaps/lotions, knife sharpening, baked goodies, treats for dogs...the list goes on. 

Only runs until 1 pm so if you want prime selection, I suggest you get there early. The Woodstock Farmers Market is one of the reasons the square is so special. It is the perfect location for local producers. The town square is very special an so are the people that make this market. There's a good reason it is voted number one in the state year after year. Yes, I made the hour drive due to the raving reviews from Farmer's (at other markets) and the fact that this FM was rated #1 in IL for the past 3 (?) years. Providence Farms, by far has the best veggies I have been able to purchase from ANY FM, ever. These guys are REAL farmers. These guys are also usually at the Morton Grove FM as well. (Another reason I went to Woodstock; no FM in Morton Grove this week) Prices are much more reasonable. Fruit has not really come to this market yet. Apparently, the farmer's have to come to them, and our Michigan Fruit Belters haven't made it out yet. I guess too early for fruit here.They have so much variety at this FM and the feel is nice because it's in the town square. Being a small town New England girl, this was nice for the ambiance. A lot of farm fresh meat selections from this place. I noticed the first reviewer said this place was picked over by 10:30. It's the Farmer's Market, there is a reason they start early and are done usually by 12 or 1. I find with ANY FM, it's always best to get there early. We were out of there by 10:30 and I felt there was still A LOT of good stuff to choose from. Also, local honey here for a MUCH better price than out my way. They have lots of treat stands, check out Jaci's Cookies. She offers gluten free items for the same price as her other stuff and it's YUMMY! On the way out, I saw a stand for all natural soaps and also an all natural cleaning spray! Overall, worth the drive if you want to make a nice morning of it. Town green is a good place for the kiddies to run around. Also, once you're finished, lots of cute local businesses to check out. Tropical Heat Advisory Today, July 14th. Still had to go into Ferguson and had yet to remember to visit on a Saturday.
Vendors doing business despite the heat.
Got a REALLY NICE HUGE FRESH Tomato. Had the hard or firm ones. This one was nice and luscious.
Also tried a young man's BEAUTIFUL Fried Pies. Cherry and Cream Cheese, THEY WERE AWESOME. Will go back for these every Saturday Morning. He also had, Apple, Apricot, Blueberry and more...at least a dozen kinds. I shared w. him that me me-maw used to make the best Chocolate Fried Pies. My uncles would call to see if mum had cooked and would drive in for lunch. Maybe, he'll try the chocolate and have it, but if not, trying the Blueberry and Apple next week. 
Essential Oil lady spritzed my face.
2 stands with FRESH HUGE produce, melons and more. 
A man was also serenading us with some GREAT Folk Rock Music. 
Imagine whom might have been there without the Dangerous Heat. 
If you haven't been, support this w. a visit. We must keep this Good Stuff going. 
On the Main Drag, you can't miss it. 
I may be crazy, but I think there were carts to roll the kids around in. I saw 3 families with carts of well-behaved children.
Lots of Diversity in the crowd, ol' folkes, young-ins, pink and blue hairs et al. This is a great place to spend a Saturday morning. I volunteered at a booth here and people are very friendly. Listen to live music and pick up some fresh veggies. Enjoy hanging out local and supporting your community. I love this place!  A wide variety of garden fresh produce, flowers, food, drinks and handmade crafts.  I hate the Saturday mornings that I'm forced to miss the Farmer's Market.  Some of my favorites include the cheeses from the Creamery and canadian bacon but love the seasonal fruits and vegetables.  Today's haul included strawberries, zucchini, tomatoes, lettuce and asparagus.  Live music, kids crafts and weekly events make this a great place to be!  Come on out and have some fun and eat fresh! Something that some people may not know is that they have an indoor market once a month during the winter months.  

Aside from some winter veggies, you can expect the usual baked goods from Cose Dolci.  

Most recently, they were smoking up some pork steaks that were making my mouth water.  Alas, we were on a schedule and I wasn't able to snag one to gnaw on. My wife and I went here recently to see what the Farmer Market scene is about. 

We also have been getting GMO's (Genetically Modified Organisms) out of our diet and wanted to see if they had any organic produce.

Man did e hit the jackpot! This place is rich with Healthy foods and other products. We got a 4lb bag or Organic Corn for popping, a 3lb jar of Local Florissant Raw honey, organic green beans and a bunch of other things I cannot remember. 

Also we found a meat company that has grass feed beef for a pretty reasonable price, I think we will be making a purchase soon to freeze in our big freezer.

I really enjoy the atmosphere here and how everything is setup, I will be branching out to other farmers markets soon but this one is so close and worth going to. 

A word of warning though, get there early because some of the venders run out of the good stuff quick. Not sure how you rate a farmers market but here goes.

Friendly atmosphere. 
Plenty of open space with the room to walk and socialize. 

Live music, which I was told changes from week to week.

Found craft and food booths but also some formal business booths. By that I mean folks selling things like branded scented candles and other items. This is a big negative for me on market style places.

Not enough edible food vendors but there were booths offering samples.

Plenty of nearby parking. Yes and yes...with only one trip, the Ferguson Farmers' Market has become our one and only. My wife and I recently decided to try our hand at becoming more 'locavore conscious' and finding a great farmers' market is a HUGE step in that process. Our goal is to get 'most' of our essential meal items for the week at said farmers' market...and this one got the job done. 
Only local (Missouri and Illinois) farmers are allowed to be vendors, as this is a 'farmers only' market, so you don't have to worry while shopping that something may not be local or fresh. Everything is straight from the farm. For those that would say that is their biggest beef with Soulard (which it was ours), Ferguson will put your mind at ease. A few of the farmers, including 'Earth Dance' where we got green beans, basil, and red onion, are from Ferguson! That was cool...urban farms at an urban farmers' market. 
The whole experience was enjoyable...which really, it should be. You don't feel cramped or forced to make a decision (ahem, certain farmers' market) and all of the people are just really nice. They were quick to inform of their goods, but not to sell you on it, just to let you know if you really need it. My dork moment came when upon purchasing peaches, the dude threw in a couple more of a different variety just because 'we should try them.' It actually brought a little tear to my eye...no joke. I have no idea why...I think it was just because we had finally found our market! 
So...we made out like bandits...green peppers, blackberries, peaches, green beans, fingerling potatoes, goat cheese, honey, summer squash, zucchini, red onion, basil, tomatoes, corn...all for about $28. Which brings me to this...it is cheap also. Our two 'splurges'...the goat cheese and honey, were the two most expensive items, at $6 and $3.50, respectively. That was also refreshing, as places like Tower Grove and Kirkwood FM can be a little pricey. 
All in all, it's like a festival every Saturday! There's live music, bbq, and just great neighborhood people. You don't feel like you're not 'in the in crowd' if you're not from the neighborhood either, which is nice. 
Go check it out! It was worth the long-ish drive from South City, and will continue to be worth it every Saturday through October. I go every saturday and love it! you can find just about anything you need here including crafts, fruits/vegies, baked goods, and flowers. Every one is so friendly and there is always good live music playing. at first glance it might seem small, but its bigger than it looks. I do beleive that they plan on moving it b/c it keeps getting bigger and bigger every yr, but i dont know when. Awwww Yea!!!  Pumpkin Season in Morton, IL is THE BEST!  I wouldn't expect anything less from the Pumpkin Capital of the World!

Ackerman Farms is a top notch local family (pumpkin) farm. They have a wide range of "fancy" pumpkins (various colors and shapes), blue ribbon pumpkins, and a plethora of pumpkins and gourds in all sizes!  They also have great deals and farm activities like hay rides, petting zoo, and a corn maze. 

I've visited Morton plenty of times with the past seven years but I can't believe my husband didn't share this gem!  I can't wait to go back next season! :) I love this little farm! There are mums, pumpkins and other gourds for sale. There is an animal area where you can see llamas, peacocks, chickens, goats and a donkey. There is also a small children's area where kids can play with trucks or with blocks, baby strollers and other toys. It's the perfect family outing to kill an hour or so. Morton is literally the pumpkin capital and Ackermans is the crown jewel! In a previous comment someone said they thought the owner was creepy, but I personally know him and my church's preschool class goes there every year. Far better variety and quality of pumpkins than Walmart. Recommend coming here for not only the pumpkins but the animals as well. There's a peacock! We had a horrible experience because of what I assume was the owner who was super creepy and rude to us, don't go here unless you want to feel harrassed. The pumpkins are nice but you can get the same quality pumpkins and better customer service at a Walmart. This is a great way to get place to get the community together. I came here to meet up with MSU alumni to help by volunteering to help prepare the farm for their planning and growing season. I will definitely have to come back and do more in the future. They start selling their produce in June so buy local and support the farm and effort! Part of the Urban Farm movement in Chicago, this farm is a great place to learn about farming and get some good exercise volunteering. Very friendly staff. FINALLY you went back to reasonable hours! For several years you've held this on a Thursday afternoon. However, unless one was retired, unemployed, or actually worked in your hometown of Elgin (and had enough time to run over during the lunch hour) there was no chance for Elginites to be able to take advantage of our own local farmer's market! Thank you for bringing it back to a Friday afternoon/evening so that many of us can now get home from our work commute with enough time to go downtown to enjoy the, albeit small but eclectic, market to purchase fresh organic items in our own home town. The DNA Harvest Market is in a great location. Perfect spot to stop when out enjoying the Fox River Bike Trail.

My favorite part of the market is the food trucks and cheese vendors. I know they always have at least one food truck and one to two cheese vendors. Great cheese selection! Great family farm with delicious bacon.  We have been getting food through farm match and everything has been exceptional and fresh.  I wish they had more produce but other than that I would definitely recommend for healthy chemical-free meats and dairy.  (Delicious Kefir and yogurt) They have a wonderful sauerkraut also.  Very friendly An egg review. Seriously.  Farmer's Hen House are the best eggs we have found outside of gathering yourself. Eggs start and complete so many recipes. A fried egg over just about anything tastes sublime.

Three years into buying FHH eggs and we are loyal. (AND secretly hope that I get a carton full of double yolks! - it happens.)  For approx $3.20 a dozen they are a steal.

During the egg recall, FHH had their website ready with large header that stated proudly: Our Eggs Are Not Involved with the Recall.  

I looked forward to my daily egg  w/ zataar on sourdough before the recall but after reading about how local they really are, the care and practice compared to the $3.20 we pay -- our fam is dialed in. First time picking strawberries. Staff was super helpful, explained the heat this spring made the berries smaller. They were still delicious! Got 5 quart bucket for $12, took about 45 min with 2 adults and 2 very young kids to collect the bucket. They had lemonade to purchase which tasted great when we finished picking. Would definitely go back, a no frills place with delicious strawberries! Strawberries were a bit picked over by this time, but there were still plenty to be found. We were concerned with how the ground would be since it had rained consistently overnight, but with straw covering the rows between plants it was a pleasant surprise. Raspberries should be ready in a couple of weeks and I think we'll be returning for that. Overall a well run family establishment. No frills, but who needs em? This is a curated Farmers Market. No Avon, no Tupperware, no crafts etc. There is intentionality in having an even variety of vendors selling local, sustainable, good food. There are also quirky events each week and live, low-key music. 

Also has the best fresh roasted coffee anywhere. Love the Saturday farmers market! We always find something delicious to eat, and love spending time listening to music while our son plays on the lawn. Lots of fresh fruits and veggies. Dog friendly! I just wish it would expand! It's one of the smallest farmers markets I've been to. I love the variety, but think we could still expand a little bit more. The live music is nice (but loud), the library gives away free books, the French nuns make some awesome organic baked goods, and that coffee is delicious! I wish there was more of the Open Sky Coffee Roasters around (saved the name on my phone so I would remember). The Colombian is their darkest blend, but like they said, it's still not very dark. Grinded and brewed right on the spot! Absolutely delicious! It's definitely work a walk or short drive over. I will definitely be back for more of the goodies, eggs, soaps and honey! The prices are decent. Take a look around at the different vendors and try to strike up a deal. :) Drove here today from Elmhurst because I've read all the good reviews.  Well I was very disappointed.  There were maaaaybe 10 tents and I would say half of those were not vegetables just other stuff.  I saw 4 tables with produce only.  I will not be returning to this farmers market. This Farmers Market is lively - the live band makes for good entertainment!  I didn't see the coffee vendor the Saturday I went, but maybe I missed it.  This one doesn't have as many flower bouquets as other Farmers Markets I've been to.
I liked the pizza (gluten free) by the slice stand though.  They offer a good variety of produce and plenty of parking is always a plus.  A nice place to start your Saturday mornings. We come here each Saturday so I guess you could say we're regulars. They've got a lot going on for a small town. 

We normally purchase produce but they have a lot to choose from! Obvi it depends on what's in season but so far this year we've enjoyed...

Zucchini
Cherries
Blueberries
Peaches
Baby potatoes
Blackberries
Raspberries
Strawberries
Tomato

Plus these things are awesome:

Farm fresh eggs $4
Whole chicken $20 (for beer can chicken on the grill, yes please)
Cheese curds
Pig ear for our puppy!
Baked goods
Homemade soaps
Fresh brewed coffee (brewed in front of you - plunger and all! YUM)
Calzaffles (calzone waffles - what!)
A garden club frequents once a month and gives out clippings I really enjoy the Brookfield Farmer's Market.

Nice variety of fruits and vegetables from local farms and farms from MI. You also have a variety of baked goods, deserts, sauces, and my favorite...toffee from Kory's Kandies...OMG it's so good. 

A fantastic addition this year has been the coffee vendor. A father/son team from Cicero comes by every Saturday with freshly roasted coffee. They even roast coffee on site, way cool. Buy a cup of freshly brewed coffee and peruse the vendor's offerings at the market.

Only thing missing this year is a vendor for meats and cheeses. Other than that it's a great way to spend a Saturday morning. Fun, fresh, and tasty.

Cheers! This farmers market is great because it's not too pricey and it's low key.  They do have a band play usually which is great.  Also, during and right next to the farmers market on Saturday, September 26, 2015, Brookfield has it's Annual Fine Arts Festival from 9am-4pm in Kiwanis Park.  That's fantastic too...not too pricey and low key :) Eggs, cheeses, honey, baked goods, hand made soaps, flowers, live music and of course wonderful fruits and vegetables, the Brookfield Farmers Market packs a ton into it's small and manageable space. It's walking distance from my home, and I can bring my dog, even though he is constantly trying to cozy up to the guy selling pig ears. Pretty small but great selection of local items! I usually go for the fresh produce and I was excited to see local farm fresh eggs! Love! You're paying more than if you went to your local store but supporting local famers and getting a more nutrient dense product is worth it to me. I'll be back for sure! BEST Farmer's Market I've been to in the area.  Vendors are friendly, willing to tell you about their goods, ingredients, etc.  Wonderful coffee.  Eggs that words don't do justice to.  Best Kolackys!  Dreamed of them all winter long.  You can spend a few minutes picking up just what you need or spend longer with coffee and a lot of choices of things to eat there.  Picnic tables in the shade, dog friendly, engaging and educational.

Updated 5/13/15 as my previous review showed up in the "not recommended" area as the stars were missing...let me clarify...this is STILL my favorite Farmer's Market.  An addition has been from the library, giving away FREE books!  I love reading, free books along with all the other selections is just another reason this is the market I look forward to each year. Now this, this to me, is what a good farmers market should be.  Low key.  LOTS of produce.  Good prices.  I love the choices here.  I can always find some "unsprayed" produce and just love getting fresh picked red haven peaches every week!  My latest find here is Open Sky Coffee.  It is a small gig, run by a couple of guys ONLY at the farmer's market.  They roast the beans they bring the night before.  They make the coffee by pour over.  And they roast the beans oh so right.  Medium to light roasts means no bitter taste.  I love the selection.  I chose Nicaraguan, as I have a thing for Central American coffee.  I will be coming back for beans.  You can order what you want and he will roast fresh for you.  My other great find here was raw honey.  From hives right there in Brookfield.  Doesn't get more local than that for me!  I also found some good granola but was not able to find out more about it (nutritional info) as the woman was away from her booth and her step-son did not know.  To be discovered next week.... With Riverside, LaGrange, etc. all in the area, I have to say that I'm surprised that Brookfield is the one offering a Farmer's Market on Saturday mornings, but having one within walking distance of my house has been awesome. Most weeks, as long as everyone shows up, all of the basic staples are covered (fruit, vegetables, breads, eggs, cheese, and meat) plus lots of extras and this year, consistently good entertainment. This is my third summer attending and I have gotten to know some of the vendors who are wonderful at explaining their products.  The Farmer's Market is seriously one of my favorite things about living in Brookfield! I LOVE this Farmers Market! The best vegetables, fruits, baked goods, eggs, dog treats, flowers, etc.  It is smaller but I think it's a great selection and I have never been disappointed! It's nice to have a Saturday-morning farmers market right around the block from my house - this year, there are fruit and vegetable vendors from Illinois and Michigan farms, a few bakeries, and live music. (There's also regular representation by local community organizations like the Chamber of Commerce, library board, and garden club.) Autumn is such a wonderful time to indulge in the full bounty of the growing season. Yet another fantastic growing season has again blessed us with so many wonderful food gems. 
Please enjoy pics from my last outdoor visit from this 2018 season. The market is still going on strong and is now nestled indoors for the Winter months.
 
DCFM....see you outdoors on the Mall in Spring 2019.
Happy Holidays to Everyone! Gorgeous setting and happy vibes.

Overcrowded and most booths don't know how to make a coffee or other item they specialize in. 

Overall a shoving contest and not worth it for me. 

The farmers market off Monona Drive is simple, efficient and less crowded. I'm sticking with ^ Whole lot of cheese curds and veggies 
Good selection of bake goods
Maybe not as much variety as you might think for as many vendors as were there. Seemed like several vendors were selling similar items ALL OTHER FARMERS MARKETS PALE IN COMPARISON! You have not lived your best farmers market life until you do the one in Madison. I was so spoiled growing up with this! The market is organized around the Capitol building/square and everyone walks in the same direction. You'll be swimming up stream and make people angry if you go the opposite way! Great people watching, fresh produce, beautiful flowers! My cousin's bridal party for married in Madison on a Saturday and picked out their bouquets that morning at the market!

Pro tip: if you go at or before 8am it's not nearly as crowded 

Something to note: I believe they do not allow dogs/pets to be walking around the square when the market is happening 

Favorites: scones from the place that does almost exclusively scones (adore the espresso dark chocolate chip one!), garlic from the garlic man, honey from the guy who wears the beehive hat, cherry bomb hot sauce This was my first time at the Dane County Farmer's Market.  I enjoyed it because the weather was cool and sunny.  It wasn't too crowded, especially in the morning.  There was a good variety of vendors.  No beverages really.

My best tip is that the crowd walks counter clock-wise around the capitol.  Make sure you do also! The Farmer's Market is one of the best things about Madison. Whether you're just in town visiting or are a homegrown Sconnie, this is the place to be on Saturday mornings in the summer.

The vendors wrap all the way around the capitol and food trucks line the streets. It's really incredible supporting local businesses and seeing all of the people that come out! Not to mention, most prices are cheaper than the grocery store, and everything is natural and local so you don't need to pay extra for the organic stuff!

Food isn't the only thing you can buy! but the spicy cheese bread is jaw-droppingly tasty (yes, I know droppingly is not a word). You can get everything from the most stunning bouquets to t-shirts and paintings and even a petting zoo on select weekends!

I would recommend going before 9am, the earlier the better, because once 8:30 hits, it's Disney World-level packed with people. My favorite times at the farmer's market have been around 7am when all of the early birds are there raving about the mushroom haul. This is a great Madison tradition not to be missed. Stroll, sample, sip and stare at this wonderful sensory spectacle. We try to make this a priority whenever we visit. So there's anything you could want here and it's in such a cool setting.  Loved the huge amount of organic certified booths.  Lots of yummy baked goods and just a nice vibe going on.  So nice strolling the circle around the capital building. The hot &spicy cheese bread is life changing!!  Wish I was from the area to come often.  A must go to if you are visiting on the right day though! Visited yesterday with a girlfriend who lives in Madison (I live in TX).  I was told I had to try the bread from Stella's, so I did and it was AMAZING!  The farmers market had so much fresh produce!  The farmers market where I live does not compare in the produce section!  This was beyond my expectations.  And all the fresh flowers made the air smell so sweet! The best of the best in Wisconsin! Incredible local food, but many farmers and gardeners come from very far away and work so hard to get that best to us. But, you just HAVE to go early​ or don't go. Unless you like huge crowds....... Absolutely amazing! It's crazy crowded, but the spices, cheese, and produce are tasty and fresh. Glad we were able to see this during our visit to Madison I love the farmer's market. One of my favorite things to do during the summer is to take a morning drive out to Madison. There is something for everyone here, fresh fruits and veggies, bakery, honey, maple syrup, flowers... If you haven't been get up early next Saturday and go. It's the time of the year when finally the days are getting longer and the weather is getting warmer - which also means another highlight of Madison is about to start. The Dane County Farmer's Market. Once the market start I am a frequent visitor, you can find me always every thing Saturday morning when the weather accompanies.

I go there for produce, anything that is available from vegetables, fruits - every week something different is there, so be prepared to have no plan for your meals, buy what's out there for the week.

My favorites include: tomatoes, honeycrisp apples, cheese curds, peppers, rhubarbs, pickles, honey, jam, mushrooms and also their fresh pasta.

Take cash with you, go early and be prepared to walk slowly. Enjoy your time on the square and get those deals on rainy days. In the fall find all different kinds of pumpkins. I could write about this farmers market all day. It definitely falls in the top 5 category of all farmers markets I've visited in the United States. Not going to lie, I've visited a ton. It's one of the top things I seek out when traveling. I have been meaning to visit Dane County Farmers Market for years. It's the stuff farmers market dreams are made of. 

Why? Well, for one thing, it's massive. 

Two, the market organizers keep the emphasis on true producers and try to leave out a bunch of the carny/flea market-y stuff that can often clog up other farmers markets; 

3.) the incredible location surrounding all four sides of the state capitol in downtown Madison. In addition to all of the amazing farmers market vendors, you'll find local shops and eateries at every turn; 

4.) The prices are on-point - we arrived with a cooler, a stash of cash and a mission - we rolled out with two fresh flower bouquets (which made for a comical ride back to Indianapolis, a pack of grilling cheese from a local creamery, lots of produce and the famous spicy cheese bread; 

5.) There is a clear, unspoken flow for the pedestrian traffic that keeps things moving along despite the masses of humans and booths; 

6.) it's a longer than average market making it easier to visit - plus, it requires a couple hours to make it all the way around (if you're actually making purchases) - ohmylanta, I would spend every Saturday here if this were my town. We conveniently stayed at the Best Western on the Square, so I woke up that morning to the sights of the market from my window. This must be HEAVEN! Great place to shop. The vendors are amazing people who clearly care for the quality of their product.  If there most get some great WI cheese and fresh baked goods.  Located at the Monona Terrace, makes it a great time to disconnect and enjoy your Saturday morning. Best time to go early to beat the rush. So many yummy things!  Beautiful assortment of fresh produce!!! A must visit!   Stella's Hot and Spicy Cheesy bread is a must!

Stop off and have a look in the capital building too! Honestly if you haven't been to the farmers market downtown you are missing out! I love starting my Saturday mornings here. There is so much to see and try and you are helping local farmers and getting fresh food what could be better. It does get pretty crowded after 9am ish so if you want to beat the rush i would recommend going in before then, if you are a morning person. If you cant/won't go that early it's still okay there will be plenty of food to try and see so taking your time is not a bad idea either. Been fortunate to catch this farmer's market Saturday mornings in Madison which surrounds the capital square the past two times when coming from Chicago. The streets are blocked off surrounding the capital and you're free to circle the square as you like and check out all of the goods being sold. I believe it starts as early at 6am and people are usually all packed up and promptly headed out by 2pm. From the website, this farmer's market runs from April to early November, so take advantage while the weather is nice!

They sell just about everything from cheeses, fresh locally grown produce, cheesy breads, and even a bunch of pop up trailer/food trucks line the block for business. Great spot to bring the family and enjoy the local vibes and lounge on the grassy areas surrounding the capital building. If hanging in Madison for a weekend, this farmer's market on Saturday mornings is a must!

That's about all I got for ya on this one. 'Til next time, cheers!

185/365 a madison staple. products change from spring to fall as different crops ripen and become ready for sale, but everything is well worth it. i make sure that any guest coming to visit during farmer's market season spends a morning at the Dane County Farmer's Market eating fresh breakfast buying everything from fresh green beans to honey to homespun yarn, to cherries to soap & sampling fresh goods (cheese curds, cookies, beef sticks, etc). a day well spent! The market was fine- very highly rated not much more to add except for one idiosyncrasy which I thought was incredibly ironic considering the location - Madison Wisconsin home of wildly independent thought.  

Apparently there's an unwritten rule that you have to walk counterclockwise around the square as if salmon are running up a river in the spring - God help you if you're going the other direction. You'd think with that many independent thinkers in one spot, a few people may want to go the other direction every now and then... but obviously not, there is no greater fallacy than thinking your unique. If you'd like to see this mystery for yourself - walk clockwise around the square and examine what happens - it could be a new sport. Excellent farmers market on Saturday mornings. Variety of shops including breads, bakeries, fresh fruits and veggies from farm stands, soap and home goods, live music, balsamic vinegar and olive oil stand, and more. The icing on the cake: live cooking demonstration from Gaetano's restaurant in Batavia. 

We picked up a bottle of fig balsamic, fresh made sausage from Gaetano's and some other goodies!! Yelp has the wrong location. See the website Market has tons of vendors, but few farmers. There are smoothies and vita drinks, essential oils and soaps, meat and bread. For produce I 'll go somewhere else. A fun place to spend a Saturday morning! While you can park downtown, I like to go for a morning run or walk with the dog and poke through on our way. From breakfast tacos to smoothies to fresh breads and more, there is always something tasty to treat yourself with. Batfest, Art in Your Eye, Batavia Farmers Market, Cocktails in the Park, Batavia Block Party, Artisan Collective, Community Garder, Project Mosaic - over 50 events each year that helps make our community special. This guy is mobile and I'm not sure whether he is here every Sunday, but he sold me about four pounds of jalapenos, very hot red peppers, limes, an onion, a tomatillo, and the  big dark green chile arbol whose name escapes me, all for $3.  He lets you pick your own out of the bins, and while it's all reasonably fresh you can select the freshest.  He concentrates on peppers but also has cactus. This is the perfect consolation prize for missing the thrice-removed New Maxwell Street market because you got too absorbed poking around vintage clothing places and the like and it got too late.  He's also a really nice young man. I've stopped by Keller's farmstand summer market by the Fox Valley Mall just east of Re-Store.  I had noticed their stand there for a while, but no one ever seemed to be there.  I think they opened sometime in early to mid-July and should be open daily for the next several months.  I bought some excellent sweet corn and some very good tomatoes.  I asked about the source of the produce.  They grew the corn on their farm in Oswego, but it was too early for their tomatoes.  These tomatoes had come from Arkansas.  They also had some zucchini, yellow squash, cucumbers, and onions.   I drive by here nearly every day on my way home from work, so I'll be stopping back particularly to get more corn. As a lifelong city boy, born and raised on the north side of Chicago, I found Alliance to be a humbling if not learning experience.  Purchasing meat from a grocery store, all neatly packed in plastic and stacked like Legos in a box, gives one a less than ideal idea of where our once live food comes from.
Walking into Alliance was like stepping into another era.  The shop is old and the shopkeepers are extremely friendly and willing to answer any questions you may have regarding their live animals for slaughter.  I told the man that I wanted a medium sized chicken and he immediately went into the back and brought out a very healthy looking bird, screeching the way I would expect it to.  I said, "I'll take it."  He brought the doomed fowl into the back room and it quit screaming within seconds.  The task was complete.  While the chicken was being processed, the shopkeeper brought me into the back to see the live chickens, ducks, rabbits, and even a turkey, wandering the livestock area, apparently searching for an escape.
The processing area was extremely clean and I have no qualms about becoming a regular of this establishment.
I'll have to admit, I felt sad for the fate of the bird I purchased, but that's the way I want to feel.  To know that I saw the animal alive and breathing before I ate it, allows me to appreciate the animal lives lost so that I can live.  I felt gratitude for my bird's life and you can't find that at your local Jewel Food Store. I have been going to Alliance for years and I can't believe I haven't left a review yet. I love it! Chicken and eggs are delicious and the people are really nice, too!
When I first went, I was a bit intimidated. You can choose the size of your chicken and how you want your chicken cut up. DON'T eat the chicken the day you buy it: it will be terrible and tough if you do. You'll bring it home warm. Put it in cold water and then in the refrigerator for a day. The muscles need to relax. Next day, yummy! This place is certainly not for the squeamish. That being said, if you can reconcile with the fact that you will likely see your chicken live before it's nicely chopped up and sent home in the bag, this is a good place to go. 

I came here because I was looking for a place that would provide fresh chicken like I had when I visited Costa Rica last year and I must say I was not disappointed. This chicken is FRESH and it tastes so much better than any of the stuff that you find in the grocery stores. I also found the staff to be very nice and helpful. 

Like the other reviews say, be aware that you're basically going into a small indoor farm and live chickens are not the most pleasant smelling animals. All that aside, it is worth is for the best and freshest chicken around. I will be back again. My mother regularly picked up chicken from here. Wow! You can really taste the difference in quality. Thank you for keeping the tradition of fresh local food alive. I needed a whole fresh chicken for this recipe and I had no clue where to. What do you do in this case?? Turn to yelp. After reading some great reviews I decided to go in and check it out. Wow was I in for a treat. Never before I have I picked out a alive chicken and then moments later ended up in a grocery bag.

When you first go in, the place doesn't look like much just some refrigerator s full of eggs, fish etc. But then you notice the clucking of the chickens in their cages! The gentlemen asked med or large. Next thing you know a live chicken is on a scale breathing his last breath. 5 mins later he was in a bag ready for consumption!! 

Wow was he delicious! The only downside was the cleanliness of the shop, it looked really rundown and kind unsanitary but then again you are running a mini chicken slaughter house in the city. The best place to get healthy poultry. Great service and also very fast. Clean and very fresh!! Allow me to step off my soap box and say this place scared me, but I plan to be a long time customer. 

So I was a chain store grocery shopper. After finally getting fed up with the quality and price of Jewel, the hunt began for better meat. This place was close, promised high quality, had low prices and most importantly wasn't Jewel. 

I rolled over on Sunday and found easy parking on Chicago Ave. Street parking is free on Sunday, so I felt like today was going to be my day. Then I walked into this place and the shoulder high counter made no effort to conceal the floor to ceiling chickens. The chickens are in cages stacked against a very visible wall.

Okay, time to put my big girl pants on. I walk to the counter and the man asked me what I wanted. At that moment a chicken clucked and my big girl pants fell off. 

I humblely told him this was my first visit. He asked if I wanted " big or small." I said small. He then disappeared into the chicken wall and returned with a bird squawking and squirming beneath his grip. 

He weighed the bird and told me the price.He asked if I wanted the head and feet. I nearly tripped over my big girl pants in terror. I said no. He I nodded in agreement and the next time I saw the bird it was in a plastic bag. That's right. He gutted, plucked, and diced the bird into pieces within minutes. 

The entire experience took no more than 15 minutes and cost me 8.60. While I was nervous because shit got real real, I must say the chicken was delicious! Way better than the frozen bags. Way better than that rib meat added shit. 

Keep in mind the bag will be hot as the chicken was alive mere moments ago. Your nose may be a bit hot from the smell, but if you are a meat eater you aren't going to beat the service or the price. 

I hope going forward they list the price per pound, but I am coming back either way! I've been coming here for years to have my chickens and ducks butchered. The staff butchers halal which my customers appreciate very much. The pricing is reasonable, and the staff are excellent. Love this place. You can tour the back if you want and if they're not too busy. It is a small indoor farm, so it won't look like a lab; but for what it is, it is very well maintained and pretty clean if you can factor in normal animal life. The prep area is very clean. One thing to keep in mind: poultry is not meant to be eaten the day it was slaughtered, or it's tougher than it should be. Keep it in the fridge for four days then cook, or three days then freeze (then defrost for two days in the fridge, not on the counter). All their stuff is Amish organic, do the fridge thing and you'll have the best poultry you can get in the city. I live in the near west suburbs but made the trip here to have my 3 backyard egg laying hens "readied" for the stock pot. Friendly service and as clean as a poultry shop in the city can be. I would definitely bring my chickens here again.

Regarding some other reviews of the cleanliness of the back room, all I can say is that I went back to see my chickens butchered and I don't think anything was unusual.  The floor is wet, there is blood on it, and it smells like animals because they are in the room next door.  I'm pretty sure that they kill and process animals here so I don't think that anyone should expect to be eating off the floor. For anyone who thinks it's "jarring" to see your food before you eat it, you might want to stick to vegetables. 

Fred and Wally are super friendly shop keepers and make the (intimidating) process of buying, butchering, and cooking a formerly live chicken as easy as possible. You can select sizes or individual birds, get your poultry prepared or take home a whole hen - with or without feet. 

The chickens look different than a grocery store chicken because they're not weighted down by oversized breasts, and they taste different too. They're so much better and fresher! Hard to believe people would leave Yelp reviews about a place without actually sampling the product. 

Other pluses: 

- Capons and turkeys at holidays 
- Fresh, super cheap, organic eggs 
- Quail eggs (if you're into that) 

Support a neighborhood business, eat well, and save money. What more could ya want? I called in a pickup order for three medium chickens, butchered in pieces, no heads. $28 bucks for everything. We were 40 minutes late picking them up, and they kept the birds on ice for us. Thank You very much! This place stinks. Like, really stinks. When the temperature is pleasant and the wind is just right, I get a nice noseful of rotten chicken. The stench is heavy and hangs in the air. It's so bad in the spring/summer I have to keep my windows shut if there is a breeze. I like the idea of fresh chickens in the city, but it really sucks being near this place.

(Not to mention, it seems to attract an unusually large group of rats in the alley. Freaking gross.)

Isn't there some city regulation about stuff like this? Hey. They have fresh live chickens, turkeys, and ducks for sale for food. You buy them, they snuff them, you stuff them. Capische. Incredible staff and great livestock.

We get our turkeys from here every year for Thanksgiving.

Pricier than a frozen one but a billion-times better taste and whatever.

Also, it really makes you appreciate meat and where it comes from. The owner is completely open about the farms they ship from and it's far much better than mass-processed poultry. Wanna become a vegetarian quick?

Ask to tour the back of this joint!

Walking through shit and retching at the ammonia stench of fowl waste is a nasty thing.  Do yourself a favor and see where your food comes from and show your kids.

I'm not knocking Alliance, the whole eating meat thing is just nasty.  That said, I still do it and came here to get some rabbits slaughtered for a meal with my friends.

They were out but had chickens, guinea hens and turkeys that they would slaughter on the spot.

We went for a tour.  It was gross.

So yeah, haven't successfully eaten anything from this place but it is a definite trip.

Check it out! There is slaughter of live animals in the middle of a  major urban area occurring here. No, they don't practice santeria here but you can get some rather fresh chicken here.

I admit I am used to getting my chicken on a plastic tray wrapped in plastic wrap. My parents used to patronize places like this when I was a kid. Sunday was always homemade chicken soup day. The things I remember is 1) the smell, and, 2) the sound of the chicken being slaughtered. The place does  have a barnyard aroma to it which is to be expected. You order your chicken live and it is weighed and then slaughtered.

The chickens are billed as organic Amish birds. The proprietors are middle eastern and the service is pleasant. A middle sized chicken is about eleven bucks. Saturday afternoon. Live chicken. Owner is friendly and we chatted for a bit while chicken is slaughtered and cleaned.

Muslim owner, muslim butcher I asked if the chicken were zabiha. Yes. And they told us which farms they got their chickens from.

Price is not any more expensive than grocery store like Dominics or Jewel, if not cheaper. $1.69 a pound. I did not see any already butchered whole chicken in the display case, just parts, feet and stuff. Mostly things that people did not want. They'll freshly slaughter the chicken per request.

we asked what to do with feet and he told us we could make soup. Now I remembered that's how my grandma used to put chicken feet in soup. 

The owner also gave tips about working with fresh chicken, you have to let it sit, chill to relax the muscles its best to cook it the day after or after at least 2 hrs refrigeration.

They also have eggs, quails, ducks, rabbits, and around festivities, turkey.

Overall I am a big fan and I should come more often. It's hard to justify a trip just for chicken, I wish they had meat, too. I went there today to get a turkey and a duck to smoke for Thanksgiving this year.

Robert Heinlein once wrote that an example of a "man with unintegrated values" is one "who eats meat but would rather somebody else did the butchering."  This is only one step removed from that--you walk into the store and the smell is what you'd expect when there are a large number of live animals waiting to be turned into food.  You're offered the opportunity to look your "prey" in the eye and approve its "termination with extreme prejudice".  Deal with it, or become a veggie.

That said, it's the ultimate in fresh food for the carnivore or omnivore.  Chicken, duck, goose, turkey, rabbit--heck, they had *quail* for only $3/each.  (I'll warn you--they're all eyeing you with extreme suspicion.  I think the rabbits really know what's going on...)  They'll slaughter, clean, dress, and pack it for you quickly, at a remarkably low price.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I have yet to prepare and devour my critters; I have every expectation that it's going to be excellent.

When I expressed some curiosity concerning how they got such a quick featherless bird, the owner offered to take me in the back.  I accepted, and am glad I did.  Yes, it stinks, and the floor is wet--they clearly wash it down frequently, and the aroma is certainly from the live animals, which are kept out of the processing area.  The equipment looked clean, and it's as humane as such a process can be.

Oh, and someone commented about them being packed into cages--yes, most are.  But at the rate I saw customers coming and going, I'm sure they're not there long.  There were also some chickens and ducks wandering around loose--I figure they got out when someone opened a cage--and I did comment to them, "If I were you, the door is *that way*.  Make a break for it..."

I intend to go back--those quail are too tempting.  (Sorry, birds--that's what being a top predator means.)

ADDENDUM: I ate the birds.  They were Very Good.  This is a definite go-to. I've been in this joint twice now & love it! There are bunnies hopping about & animals that are clearly in excellent health. My friend purchased a live chicken for me last summer; she got 2 days in chicken heaven before I slaughtered my first non-marine animal. She was delicious! The shop owners are extremely friendly helpful & knowledgeable about butchering humanely. Will be shopping here again soon! My family and I love this farm!  We make it a point to go multiple times a year not only for their farm stand but we love the Apple picking,  strawberry and pumpkin!!  During the fall they have amazing little stand s with great corn and the best cheese curds!  They even have a section for kids with activity to do!  The prices are excellent as well for their vegetables just a great local place! So many places to get better corn. 
Halloween amusement is a complete waste of money and why charge adults is loony toons.
Market price is high but Apple Donuts are quite good Everyone is so nice at Stades , customer service is impeccable. There are tractor rides that take you to and from the apple orchard there are virtually no outrageous wait times which I was anticipating , especially being there on the weekend. 

The apple  donuts are FANTASTIC ! The variations of apples are limited and the honey crisp apples that I absolutely love were not as sweet as I have had from other apple picking farms and this is the only reason why I gave them 4 stars. I surely still would be back in the future , they are closer to my home than the other farm I normally go to. We had a great experience during peak 2018 strawberry season.  Follow them on Facebook to know when the optimal time to visit for U-pick.  It took us about an hour to fill two 4-quart buckets between 1.5 adults.  Came here on a hot Sunday before noon, and the parking wasn't too bad (on a grassy lot) or too far from the strawberry field (bring a stroller for toddlers or younger).  

To enter the U-pick fields, you purchase your buckets first ($4 for 1 quart, $7 for 2 quarts, $13 for 4 quarts), then there's someone instructing you where to go and how to pick.  Strawberries grow on low bushes, so you'll need to be prepared to squat and bend down for long periods of time.  You'll need to brush away leaves in order to find strawberries hiding by the ground away from the sun.  You want them to be fully red and firm (not partially white or soft), and pluck them with the cap & stem still on.  

There's a gravel path leading to the field, and then you're off!  I suggest hopping in a few rows because the main aisles are usually picked over.  They line the rows with straw, but there's still mud underneath.  It had rained a lot days leading up to the weekend we went, so we could feel the soft mud underneath our feet, and our shoes got a little muddy still.  Bring water to drink and wear loose or stretchy clothing, sunscreen, and washable shoes.  For toddlers or younger who might get worn out and want to sit down or fall a lot, I suggest dressing them in long pants and washable shoes, and bring a change of clothes for the car ride home.  Our LO's pants was stained in mud and strawberry juices by the end. 

On your way out, they check your bags and such so that you're not sneaking anything out that you didn't pay for.  Then you'll pass by a concession stand selling brats, hotdogs, and refreshments, and a large tented area with picnic tables.  Great for grabbing lunch before you leave.  Right by the parking lot, there's an indoor market that sells produce, jams, doughnuts, and slushees.  Lastly, there are portable toilets outside, and most likely bathrooms inside the market.

As for how they taste, I've only gone strawberry picking one other time near Portland, OR, and those strawberries were MUCH sweeter.  These are sweeter than the grocery store but not as sweet as I had hoped.  However, they are all surprisingly nicely shaped and look picture-perfect, unlike the ones at the grocery store. My family goes here every year. I love all of the different activities that they have for the kids. It is a great family oriented place! Always a good time at Stade's farm. Yes a little pricey but worth it because you can spend hours enjoying all the rides and games. You can spend an entire day with rides, meals, pumpkins, everything. Good job. I came here strawberry picking Father's Day weekend and overall we had a very nice. The ladies collecting your money up front were very nice. $13 for a larger basket of strawberries is a little pricy but it's fine because it's all about the experience here. We picked like 3 of the large baskets full of strawberries in about an hour and then took them
Home. I must say that they aren't as sweet as I would have liked them to be so I made strawberry jam with them. I feel like the ones we usually pick at Thompson strawberry farm are a little smaller but also sweeter as a breed. But I'm willing to give them
Another shot in the future and maybe come back in the fall months for the pumpkin patch type of activities. 

Stade's you definitely had a lot of strawberries and they were tasty but not one of the better ones we've had in Chicago. Stopped here for fresh produce on way from Lake Geneva to Chicago. Bought peppers, lettuce, tomatoes, sweet corn, zucchini, onion, and blueberries. Also got some pickles, 'beer can' chicken rub, a cherry pie, apricot preserves, and  cheese. Had a wonderful salad for lunch and mixed grill with dinner using the fresh veggies purchased. Would stop here again for sure Overall, I had a great experience because of who I spent it with... but customer service was extremely lacking by the apple picking portion of our trip. Excuse my French, but the lady manning down that station is a bizzzznatch. She rolled her eyes, spoke under her breath a couple times (I think I heard her say... these people are idiots), and made some smart remarks. Maybe she had a tough day? Constipated? Or maybe had diarrhea?? Who knows. But whatever was up her ass was coming out with awful customer service. The corn stand people were nice though and the raspberries were sweet. Had it been for that rude ladies remarks, I'd have given a much higher review. Took the family here to pick some pumpkins and take the kiddos to the "theme park." You have the option of taking a tractor ride out to the field to pick your pumpkins for $7 or $6 each if you buy 4 or more no matter the size (according to the website) or they have already picked ones that are priced to sell based off of size. We bought nice large ones for $8 and $9 each, along with some smaller ones. I really wanted to pick apples, but the kids had their eyes set on going into the theme park. For $15 a person, ages 3 and up, I say it was well worth it. We did almost all the activities they had available from the pillow jump, to pedal tractors, to zip lines, sand digging, trailer maze, along with a corn maze, to a carousel, corn bin, and a few more (too much to name). We manage to spend almost 5 hours there, which was definitely not the plan, but glad we did. I'm hoping to go back to pick some apples before the season ends. And the family and I will definitely visit again next fall. 

Side note- If you're hungry, you must get the corn, kettle corn, and cider donuts. You can also stop in the market to stock up on fresh produce and baked goods. The BEST Apple cider donuts! We live just down the road and I started many of my mornings with a stop at Stade's in the fall. Also very easy to get into and out of. Hands down best kettle corn in the Chicagoland area! 
Also tons of rides for small kids and you get to actually pick your pumpkin off the vine! 
Additional things to love include a corn maze, petting zoo, bouncy houses, pumpkin and apple cannons, apple cider donuts, corn on the cob, giant tractors and so much more! There was also tons of pick your own fruits and veggies. You can't even begin to do it all in one day! The thought starting a tradition of picking strawberries with the family, is what drove us to this farm.  The staff there was not friendly at all, we paid for our buckets and they didn't tell us where the strawberry patch was located. We just followed the people in front of us.  No big deal I thought at first, but after we were done picking.  We decided to go inside their store.  As soon as we came in, we had a shadow watching our every move, he made us feel very uncomfortable!  
Maybe it's that we didn't look like the rest of the people there, or they have a high theft in there store. But all I know that he didn't stop watching us until we paid, and even then he was by the front door!! As he was waiting for us to leave to make sure we didn't steal anything as we left.  A terrible experience, we will not be going back! Who knew the suburbs can be so much fun?! We came to Stade's to pick strawberries on the last weekend of strawberry season, and despite the "slim pickings" warnings for strawberry availabilities, we still managed to fill up 2 quarts within half an hour! Then afterwards, we went to the Market, which had plenty of farm canned classics such as apple butter, pickles, etc. They also had a great variety of fresh produce, so our groceries are done for the week! Last but not least, they provide delicious apple cider donuts to refill your stamina. 

Looking to come back mid-July for raspberries! I went here to pick strawberries and raspberries! I don't know if it was the amazing weather or that I loved this place but it was worth the trip! The berries were plentiful, the price was affordable and the donuts...the donuts...mouth still watering!
Use the berries asap because that only lasted a day. Wear old shoes because it's messy. The port a potties were clean and fresh and better than most. Can't wait to go back to pick apples! Really great produce and pickles and preserves!  The sweet corn was delicious!  I highly recommend visiting Stade's. Okay, we have an ongoing tradition at Stade's (pronounced Sta-dees) for four years now. It used to be quaint and cheap, but give credit to the 'small' farmer, their business is growing and so are the prices. I'm done with this as Stade's puts out an amazing product. 
1. The strawberries are delicious and plentiful. Follow them on FB to get updates. 2. The farmtractions are really great. The land is huge and there is so much to do, it's worth the $10 price tag...I just wish there was an adult discount. 
3. The stand is cool; the donuts are delicious and this year we tried a strawberry lemonade slushie...man was it good. 

I drive an hour every year for this all day experience. It's very worth it, and I love supporting the local farmer. Stade's Farm is a nice country store for seasonal produce,  selection can be limited due to everything offered being locally grown. 

Otherwise a very beautiful pick your own fruits and veggies farm So many fun actives, everything is kept so nice, and amazing berry and apple options! Can't want to go back! This place is great!  My wife, 13 year old daughter and I brought my twin two-year-old niece and nephew along with their 7 year-old sister.  There were attractions and activities to satisfy all ages.  We arrived Sunday morning at opening (10:00).  We got in before the crowds and had no wait for any rides.  We all enjoyed some rides, including the carousel and train.  The older kids like the zip-line, and corn guns.  There is so much to see and do.  Bouncies, mazes, petting zoo.  Lots of good food too.  I enjoyed the cheese curds and sweet corn.  

The pumpkin cannon is a must!  It shoots a pumpkin every hour on the hour.  It looks crazy, but everyone loved it!  

We came here approximately 10 years ago when my children were young.  Wow has it grown.  I can't believe what it has morphed into!  Keep up the great work. Hawk's Orchard is newly opened in 2013 on weekends only.They grow apple varieties including Honey Crisp, Jonagold, Golden Delicious, Haralson, Macintosh, Ida Red, Zestar, Gala, Fuji, Cortland, and Empire. Also available for purchase are local honey and fresh cider. 

The apples are amazing! A great place to take the family and enjoy some nature. As you can see, the farmer's market is close to the Illinois river. For example; apples, oranges, etc. Peoria's Farmers' Market on the Riverfront operates every Saturday during the summer. A diverse collection of farmers and crafters fill up the parking lot across the street from the Contemporary Art Center on Water Street. On 6/22/13 Keith & Abbie Folken provided entertainment, and on the 29th the Air Force Band of the Midwest played. The lady from Aleece's Chips had a table showcasing power bars and other baked goods. The Bicycle Surgeon was operating on a ten-speed. One vendor was selling 3 sizes of bows that shot foam-tipped arrows. Panaderia Ortiz featured their Mexican pastries. Sean Pollock features honey. He said he'll be harvesting 7/6/13 and won't be there, but he will return the following Saturday. I'll get back to you with more business names. I love the Arlington Heights Farmers Market! It gets better year after year. Our whole family goes together and even our 5 year old has his staples! He always get his giant chocolate chip cookie from one of the bakers. I head over to another stand and get my homemade poptart. Oh. My. Goodness. So good! I saw other reviews saying things were expensive but they weren't at all. That's not what I found. The vendor selection has increased every year too. Oh and we get farm fresh eggs, pork chops, grass fed beef and for a lot less than the grocery store. Every week I leave with something extra, whether it's a jelly from, or essential oils related, or just some extra veggies, I am always happy. We look forward to our Saturday mornings and even better, the nights because we get to make what we bought. Thumbs up from us! I was pretty bummed this last weekend when I went to check out the AH Farmers Market with a gal-pal.  It was really small, and really expensive!

There were a few vendors that had a wide array of produce, but the prices were just astronomical... I couldn't see myself shelling out between $4-6 per pound for tomatoes that I could go over to Mariano's and get, just as local, for half the price.  Sweet corn too, holy cow, I think it was $3 for 5?  No thanks.

We did a walk through and neither of us decided to purchase anything, due to the high prices.  Maybe later in the season things will be better, or maybe this just isn't the right farmers market to hit.  I'm not quite sure.

Bummer. You would think that Arlington Heights would have more offerings at the local farmers market, however the two times I went there were not very good produce options and People selling other things, but not competitively priced with any store or fresh market. I dont go to the farmers market to buy Soap bars or lip balm or spaghetti sauce... I asked two farmers if they have anything organic or free of chemicals and one basically laughed at me while he said no and the other one rudely said "You wont find ANY organic food around here." Come on arlington heights, you have idle free zones and brag about trying to better the environment and yet you dont have any organic or chemical free produce at your dinky farmers market?! Very disappointing. Let me just say that I am into honey like "whoa". I like it on pizza (the whole thing... not just the crust), on peanut butter toast, in tea, with fried chicken, as a dipping sauce for fries, the list could go on-and-on. Thanks to Blood and Sand, I also realized that honey could be an insanely good addition to a cheese pasta dish with a little truffle and toasted walnuts.

Stinger honey is a unique experience and awesome departure from the typical store bought kind. My friend, Blake F received a jar for a Christmas gift from his employer, and couldn't figure out when or how he'd use it. Being the friend I am, I offered to take it off his hands. As the jar was nearing it's end #sadface, I knew I had to get in touch with Ms. Joy Stinger (yup, that's her real surname) to get some more. I called to make sure she'd be at the Clayton Farmer's Market on the Saturday that I was going, and she was, so off I went. 

She is a sweet, sweet lady, who got into bee keeping about 25 years ago, and produces a killer product (no pun intended). The honey I sampled at the market was so unique and flavorful. I can do nothing but rave about it... and rave, I have! If you know me, you've probably heard me at least mention it. I love honey, and this is the best I've tasted. She explained how the time of year, and the flowers blooming really make a difference in the flavors. She had three varieties for me to try, and all were so different. The darkest was a little much for me, but really tasted like fall. The spring (light) honey tasted like the plants in her yard that the bees had pollinated. There was also a creamed honey that was so interesting, I couldn't resist it. I am not sure how to use this yet, but I will find a way and enjoy it thoroughly. I ended up spending over $40, but wouldn't ever regret it.

A cool thing to mention is that she loves to re-purpose glass jars for the honey so that she's not wasting. This means that when you take a look at her collection, you're selecting a unique jar as well. Some are big and some are small, but all make it unique and fun. 

Go visit her at the Clayton Farmer's Market from 8am - noon on Saturday's from late May through September or at her home at the address listed for this business. Also, there are some more interesting facts and places to buy at the link from Feast Magazine. http://www.feaststl.com/this-months-feast/feature-articles/article_17691e10-5592-11e0-9b20-0017a4a78c22.html

Happy Honey-ing! Love this farmers market. Lots of kind vendors that care about their products. If you're in STL and like a good farmers market this is a must stop. I have too many favorites to list. Parking can be a bit annoying but it's well worth it. The weekend market has a wide variety of before, and everyone sets up in sections so the artisans are all together and the food vendors are all together. 

The vendor assortment is well-curated too. There are local farms with organic and non-organic fruits and veggies, grass-fed meats, baked goods, honey, even handmade sausages. If you go, make sure to pick up a sausage from the sausage guy (I don't remember his business' name - sorry!)

Make sure to take cash! I was disappointed that more vendors didn't have Square as a payment option. The market was basically cash-only, and there wasn't an ATM on-site. This info wasn't advertised on the website or social media, and other weekly farmers markets I've been to of similar size have these options. First-world problems, I know. We just moved here and made a truly rookie mistake. I typically work on Saturdays, so I never get a chance to attend TGFM. Then I discovered, they do a smaller version on Tuesday nights as well. It may not be as massive as the Saturday market, but it is still a great opportunity to pick up some fresh veggies and meats, too. 

In addition to the variety of farmers selling their produce, you'll also find a variety of other vendors promoting their wares. As I browsed the booths, I munched on freshly made pretzels and sipped a 4 Hands Beer. Now that is shopping in comfort. My best find of the evening was, fresh corn on the cob. 

Another big bonus of TGFM is the food trucks. Before you shop or after you've completed your shopping you can enjoy a quick dinner from one of the many food trucks. I had meet a group of friends and we all took our blankets and had dinner picnic style. In addition, to the food trucks, there was a mobil comic book truck, which sent one of my friends over the top with excitement. 

Oh, before I forget - they also have free yoga class on Tuesday night.  

I can only wish my work schedule changes, so I can experience TGFM on the grander scale on Saturdays. 

I'll be back? - Yes, I'll take my cooler to buy some grass-feed beef. 

When: August 21, 2018
Why: It was a CYE (Community Yelp Event) Fresh produce, beautiful flowers, community yoga, hot coffee... all of this mere blocks from my home? You really cannot beat a Saturday morning at the Tower Grove Farmer's Market. The vibes are just right. 

The community and inclusivity at the Farmers' Market is amazing, as well. You'll see parents with their kids in strollers, couples on date, individuals coming to grab their weekly market necessities - all of it. Not to mention the Market takes place rain or shine... a few weeks ago, my wife and I went and it started POURING down rain, so everyone went under one of the large gazebos and the band kept playing! It was such a cool and unexpected morning.

It goes without saying that it's an uber-local experience. They often bring in new vendors, so even if you've been going for years, you can always learn about a new farm/ business or Saint Louis sustainability program or food truck or chicken-coop-building technique...you get the idea. 

If you haven't come out you need to. Where is Saint Louis on Saturday mornings? #TGFM. I love the farmers market in TG. Today was my first Tuesday going and it's more laid back and chill. They set up drink holders and blankets which is a nice touch . They also have yoga from 6 to 7. It's much smaller so there were about 4 food trucks and maybe 6 vendors but it's nice sitting out on a blanket and just enjoying friends and people watching. This year I started shopping more at the Tower Grove Farmers' Market. It's become part of my routine. I get up, drink water, show up here. 

I am obsessed with the gazpacho soup at Kitchen Kulture. It's bright and flavorful and spicy! I dip veggies in it during lunch at work so I can try to eat healthier! 

So far there are two stands that sell rhubarb. I'm trying to make a decent rhubarb jam. It's a good place to go and get things to try stuff with. 

And then there's Whisk. The popsicles and baked goods can't be beat. I like grabbing popsicles just before i leave, go home, and save them in the freezer for later. I have only been here 2x bc it's not close to my house and let's face it sometimes it is nice to hangout in pjs on Saturday morning. But I knew I wanted to get back there so we did past Saturday. Nice that they had a live band. Vendors selling everything from ready to eat foods or plants to take home and grow. Also crafters there. It's a nice size market but smaller and higher prices than soulard market. We have been pleased with all purchases we made. Loved my first time at this farmers market in tower Grove
 Foundation a shady parking spot close.  It gets crowded.  Kids Water splash area, green lawn tennis, music played by local bands, jewelry by local artists, clothing, creams, complimentary massages and more.

Tried a blackberry juice, OMG totally worth $3...add a splash of vodka and wowing!

The veggies made me want to buy everything and cook.  

The new Double Food Stamps program booth and double bucks atmosphere was there. Super cool!!

This farmers market is a must see! Tower Grove Farmers' Market is pricey, overcrowded, and not worth a special trip. It was kind of like being at an outdoor Whole Foods, except more limited of selection. I did like quite a few of the things there. But this market is heavier on fancy juices and alcoholic beverages. Guess my heart belongs to Soulard, where there is an adequate selection of non-organic produce with which to feed my face. Honestly, the Tower Grove Farmers' Market is my favorite place and favorite thing to do in St. Louis. 

Let me start off by saying that I freaking love me some horticulture. I'm obsessed with growing my own plants and scoping out what other people are doing. If you're into locally grown produce, this is your heaven. 

I like to get to the market on the earlier side; usually around 8 or 9. It gets crazy after ten, especially after yoga lets out (they have yoga outside in the park in the morning if that's something you're into.) Parking it usually alright if you go early, but buckle up and prepare to spend a few minutes trying to find something close. 

The first thing I do when I get there is head straight for the Kuva tent. Their drip coffees are all great, but if you're in the mood for iced, ask them to give you the Tower Grove version - it's made with a few different pumps of flavor and is so great. After I'm armed with coffee I usually make my way over to whatever food truck is on hand. Holy Crepe is there a lot, and if they are, you should get anything that includes bacon and goat cheese. 

Bring a bag with you, but if you forget one, you can snag one for five bucks. From there, just start making your way down the rows and prepare to be starry-eyed. Live Springs is where I get all of my meat as well as my eggs. I would get to them earlier rather than later, because they can run out of eggs. Their meat selection is huge and you're going to have a hard time choosing. Baetje Farms is usually my next stop to grab some goat cheese. From there, I usually head to the Whisk tent to grab whatever yummy pastries/baked goods they have on hand. Afterwards, I make the rounds and end up getting so much produce that I am fully stocked for the week.

This place is magical. Sit and enjoy the live music, watch the kiddos play in the water fountain, pet some cute pups, and enjoy. The TGFM is one of the things that makes St. Louis as great as it is. I love this farmers' market for the variety and the location. There is always a nice selection of produce, but there are also artisan breads and cheeses, herbs and sprouts, and plenty of homemade goodies. Prices are what you'd expect (you get what you pay for), and people are always friendly. I love their expanded hours, and Tower Grove Park is a beautiful spot to spend a couple of hours! Small but mighty this little farmer's market!

Everything from massages, chickens for sale, organic herbs, fruit, veggies, perfumes, oils, scrubs, black walnuts, fresh baked goods, Clementine's ice cream, Companion Bakery, Vincent, Whisk, Van Doughnut's amazing truck, pet supplies, clothing, coffee, teas, crepes, live music and me!

Located between Tower Grove Park's playground area and tennis courts you can't miss the festivities. 

Add this to your weekend To-Do List.

~Christy said so. Nothing better than after-the-deluge farmer's maker. Spring is so lovely in tower Grover park and this market is just the right size. On a beautiful sunny day come and refill your larders with the fruits of the Earth. My favorite vendors include the microgreens lady, salume bedu, and kavu coffee. If you love salads grab some micro chard to spice up your greens. Salume Bedu is local artisan charcuterie with an amazing range of finely cured meats. I would also recommend getting a breakfast sandwich from the guys that own Kounter Kulture under the tent named Kitchen Kulture. Have nice sunny day! the concept is awesome.  the energy is very much alive.  the market does fit well with the area.  The issues - the prices are way out of whack for the amount of product, quality and over all presentation.  It's like an airport, they have a captive audience, no other options close by, so they gouge you on price.  the only difference, there are a lot of places to buy natural food in a fun atmosphere at much lower cost's.  we'll continue to walk around, socialize, but were're not buying until prices are equalized. Go early to get the best stuff! Talk to the vendors, especially those giving out samples. They usually aren't trying to make you purchase anything and genuinely take an interest in what you're interested in. A nice thing to do on a Saturday morning and parking isn't too bad. They also have yoga! BY FAR the best Farmer's Market in the area. Love it! This is my Saturday morning ritual. There is a little of everything here. You can find ANY type of produce that is even close to being in season, meat, eggs, honey, plants, flowers, prepared food, canned food, baked goods, tea, coffee and more. 

There are usually a few food trucks here, as well as some booths that make food. Every morning I get my favorite - the grilled cheese. Not just any grilled cheese - this is THE BEST IN TOWN. Literally. The Big Cheese makes them to order, and always has the traditional grilled cheese and a special. The special varies based on the local produce available. Some that I've had have been cheese with strawberries, honey and mint; tomatoes and basil and mozzarella, and recently mozzarella and fig jam. It varies every week and is always delicious. Right next door is Kuva coffee roasters, which is my fave coffee. As a non-coffee drinker (most of the time), their iced blondie is to die for. 

My ritual is: place order for grilled cheese, get coffee, sit and listen to the amazing live music and talk with friends, and then go grab some produce on my way out. I've gotten awesome produce here, with some favorites being white nectarines and purple cauliflower. 

Parking tip: Don't enter the park at all! Park on Magnolia, right in front of the horse stables. Walk through the grass, by the tennis courts and you're there. Much easier than getting stuck in the winding park roads that are crowded and one-way. This was my first time at the Tower Grove Farmer's Market despite having lived in south city many years. I enjoyed it immensely and was a bit impressed with it. There are lots of vendors for fresh fruits and veggies as well as for fresh meats, honey, and bread. Along another side, they have food trucks of all sorts and tastes. I had my lunch from a crepe truck. The Farmers Market is a great place to walk around on a Sat morning. I was disappointed. Loved the food trucks...but not near as many fruits and vegetable stands as I had hoped. And, the fruit and Veges they did have were quite pricey. We did buy some tomato plants and it was a really good crowd and environment. Lots of dogs. We are dog people so it didn't bother us, but there were enough dogs there that if you were not a dog person it would probably bother you. This farmer's market is my favorite because there is so much to do! They have live music, a big fountain and two playgrounds for the kids to play, plenty of picnic area around and a large variety of local vendors with quality seasonal offerings. Flowers, breads, cheeses, honey, microgreens, breakfast, lunch, tea, salsa, meats, and SO much more! This is another great farmers market in St. Louis! There are lots of unique vendors selling soap, lotions, jewelry, and also your typical vendors selling delicious food. There are usually a couple food trucks out there as well. It's about medium
Sized but you get the added convienece of having a major playground right next to it for the kids. There are some great coffee and tea vendors so you can enjoy a beverage while walking through the market. One of my favorite vendors is kitchen Kulture which shows up I think nearly every week. They have ready made dishes that are out of this world. This park is great to begin with and has a ton of parking so it's a great option! You know this is a good market because its in the culinary school!  Its only on Sundays and at noon the students prepare a brunch using food and supplies from the vendors at the market!  Its a really great way to spend the day! I've purchased farm-fresh eggs from Frillman's Farm twice, and they are as good as it gets. They were laid that day, and are as good as any I've ever tasted. They also have fresh vegetables, which Tim takes to the Farmer's Market, and Honey from his own hives right there on the farm. You can't get any fresher produce or eggs than this.
On a side note, Tim and his family live right on the farm, and they are the nicest people. They were kind enough to show me the farm, and the bees (I'm a beekeeper myself), and all they had growing. All in all, I was very impressed with them. Tim's fresh eggs are really great as is every other thing I've bought from him. Only three stars because the ability to actually purchase anything seems to be dependent on Tim's whim. Sometimes he will let you come over - must always call; no set hours - many times no answer or, "No, not now."

It's a curious way to run a business and it's certainly his to run anyway he sees fit but I find it difficult to deal with this unreliable source of items I want to buy but often cannot. The eggs are as good as I can get. I bake and breakfast on eggs. I know about eggs and have made a living on breakfast These don't get any fresher. Self serve stand on the side of Old Hwy 100. There are in-season fruits and veggies and a freezer stocked full of pork products and fresh eggs. I regularly dream about the juicy, flavorful strawberries. Yum. Anyway, sometimes you can find random country items like apple butter and honey, too. 

Todd Geisert has become somewhat of a local celebrity now that trendy farm-to-table STL restaurants advertise his swine on their menus. But you can usually find him conversing with customers at the stand. We passed through and picked up veggies, herbs, and sausage for a stew and found great, cheap seasonal produce! The pick your own herbs garden includes basil, Thai basil, purple basil, Greek and Italian oregano, sage, mint, chocolate mint... the list goes on. Well-priced frozen pork products of all kinds, all-natural and made on the farm (large ham hock for only five dollars). Open during all daylight hours during the summer - its a pay by weight honor system, so be sure to leave what you owe, good citizen! Delicious all natural pork products and fresh produce in season! If the sun is up, they are open. The new Pork Jerky is fantastic, you will never eat better. Ditto the brats, sausages and snacks! Harms Farms solved so many problems for me!  This nursery had the bushes I had been looking for since just forever!  They carry plants for my garden that I could not find anywhere. No one else had kohlrabi.  We love it.  I always check Harms Farm in McHenry first when I am in the mood to plant!! Worst owners I have ever encountered. Teresa is not friendly and doesn't care if you are a long time customer of 30+ years. She is very rude and will argue just to argue. I've never met more of a rude person in my life. I do not recommend anyone purchasing from this company or going to the accounting division. I would stay far and clear of this awful person and her tacky personality. 

For the owner: Please learn some manners and maybe you won't have customers running for the hills. I've been a Harm's customer for 2 years and I'm very happy with their service. They have a non nonsense approach to landscaping needs. Definitely recommend. A great little place for little odd and ends that I need. Ok...eggs. I recently started buying "nice" eggs. I had been paying $4 for organic, cage-free eggs from Target, but found out there were 2 places nearby that sold eggs for a similar price. So why not get them from somewhere closer to my house?

Reasons to like this farm:
1. They are guaranteed cage free...I mean, sure they're fenced in on the 1-2 acre lot, but I'd consider that cage-free. They're caged for their safety, not to take away their livelihood.
2. It's very organized. Medium eggs are $2 per dozen, large eggs $3 per dozen, XL eggs $4 per dozen. I've seen other places where medium eggs, small eggs, and XL eggs are all in the same dozen and they charge $5. Not so at this place.
3. You WILL be greeted by someone, whether it is Judy, Ed, or one of the two doggies. A big one and a little one. They are all very friendly (humans and dogs alike).
4. The eggs are delicious! Once you start eating fresh eggs, it's really hard to go back to store-bought eggs. The yolks are richer and the eggs just taste better, in general.
5. It's really easy. Pick up your eggs from the white fridge on the porch, put money in the box. Sure, it's on the honor system...but I'm guessing the types that get farm fresh eggs are most likely not the egg-robbing type.

We like this farm much more than that other "local egg place" in the area. Just because it's a little bit more price-graded, and the people are friendly. And they always have an abundance of eggs at Ed & Judie's. Very close to where I live, so I will continue to go to Ed & Judie's. Adorable and local, I really enjoyed my daughter being able to see the chickens! When we showed up Ed had just gotten back so w got to see him collect eggs from the hen houses! There were kittens there to play with everyone was sweet and helpful! Would definitely go back ! Best eggs in the area.  You really cant beat farm fresh eggs.  They sell all chicken egg types from small to jumbo.  I get the jumbo all the time and at $5.00 a dozen really good deal and real jumbo eggs.  They also sell duck eggs and locally produced honey from Sugar Grove. Cash only. Love farm fresh eggs so I was willing to drive out here to get great eggs. It's all on the honor system so have cash with you. They also sell duck eggs and honey. Take a chance and try some duck eggs, great for baking! We love Ed & Judie's. It's a great place to take the kids. They can experience a real farm with lots of chickens roaming around. Two friendly dogs are on the premises; one is quite large, but very friendly. We love the eggs! 
The eggs are self-serve. Just open the side door to the house and pick out eggs from the refrigerator. 
It's great! What a treasure for those in Aurora, Sugar Grove, etc. 
P.S. The eggs are quite affordable for being farm fresh and free range. A dozen eggs starts at $2.50. THIS BUSINESS HAS CLOSED, I just called them and there is a recording saying they have completely closed down and retired Met up with friends today to pick apples at Ziegler's! It was as reviews stated a "no frills" apple orchard." Free parking and admission and apple picking. When we entered we were welcomed and instructed on how to determine if the apples are ready for picking and notified of the 3 pound minimum per person. This was not a problem as we walked through the wide assortment of apples within the orchard! The apple varieties were not well labeled, but we were encouraged to try the apples and determine what we liked! Overall we had a good time picking apples  and snapping a few pics; the staff was also very friendly and appreciative! We went on the absolute last day that the orchard was open for the season and had a picking spree!! Banana apples were the favorite of our group, all the varieties were abundant and so perfect.  We ended up picking 26 pounds of colorful and delicious produce and made apple pies as well as crisps and tarts.  We still are enjoying apples 2 weeks later.  This place was serene and a newly found favorite place for my family. One of my fondest memories growing up in the New England area is going apple picking with my family. However, I was definitely disappointed after my friends and I made a trip out to Ziegler's last Saturday. 

The orchard looks fairly small on the outside, but  hidden inside are a lot more trees. However, there weren't a lot of varieties of apples. We saw mostly Jonathans. In addition, the trees weren't marked well, so it was hard to tell what types of apples since none of us knew much about apples.

There's no admission fee, and you can try every type of apple in the orchard, however the minimum per person is 3 lbs at $1.50 per pound. The staff gives you a plastic bag when you walk in to pick the apples. If you want the traditional apple paper bags, they cost extra. I've known the Zinglers through my Childhood life.  This Apple Orchard brings me memories.  If you are looking for a decent apple orchard with decent prices come check this place out. No goats in a habitat, "hay" rides on farm machinery, restaurant, "homemade" in China pot holders, or playland. There are trees, and on the trees are apples. They tell you how to pick, show you a map, give you a plastic bag, and away you go. 

The price is now $1.50 per pound, 3 pound minimum, which is $4.50 before taxes (it is Illinois, after all). If you have older children, you can have your fall and winter apples in a flash! Tasting each tree before picking is encouraged. 

I could have done without some of the mud, and parking was different, but I didn't have to spend the day and buy a buffet lunch I couldn't eat.

All in all, a good place to pick apples and get back on the road! We went there yesterday (Oct 10) only to find them closing because they were out of apples. I had call in the morning and there was no mention that there'd be closing soon. 

We lingered outside the parking lot while checking on the phone where to go next and the lady from Ziegler was very unfriendly to us, she even sent somebody to close the gate as to make sure we wouldn't go in. 

We ended up going to Didier farms and having a good time there with the kids. I won't be coming back to Ziegler next year. We were able to pick apples, there was still a reasonable amount on the trees, and we came away with a decent haul. It would seem not much has changed since Julie H.'s review in 2007: there are still plenty of Golden Delicious trees that seem to outnumber all other varieties. 

For what it is, Ziegler's is fine. I witnessed the owner (the smiling lady in the picture) being verbally abusive to the parking attendant, though. If that's indicative of how she treats her employees, then that makes me not want to come back. Apple picking at it's best!  Other places force you to spend tons for small bags of apples and a maze and some other stuff that I can do without.  I love the apple picking experience and this is what you get. Family owned and soooo many apples to choose from, and it's quiet and friendly and parking is easy.   I found my apple picking place for years to come!  If you want to pick apples, and avoid the crowds of people and you don't want to pay a lot for all the random frills this is your place to pick your apples! I understand that we had a tough winter, but all they had was Golden Delicious and Jonathan and you are forced to pick 3 pounds of apples per person. I guess that I expected an APPLE ORCHARD to have at least as many varieties of apples as a supermarket. On our way to Woodstock to get some real apples.... I have been coming to this apple orchard ever since I was little.  If you want basic apple picking with out all of the frills "ahem, Apple Holler in Wisconsin" then you go here. It is quiet, peaceful, and they have TONS of trees and varieties to pick from. A family run business, you definitely feel like you are supporting local farmers. Also, you can sign up for their postcards which they mail out in August with all of their picking dates, times, and varieties that are available. We went here today -- $1 to pick apple and all-you-can-eat when in the orchard. The trees were packed with apples, and we were more than happy with the selection and quality of the apples. It's was a nice, relaxing Sunday activity. 

The gift store leaves a little to be desired, but overall, it's a lovely orchard. This place is clean and easy to venture through, but the selection is slim. $1.50 per lb is a good deal, and 3lb minimum, but there arent any apples left! Bunch of green apples, but hardly any reds. Considering that apple picking is one of my favorite fall pastimes, I was seriously underwhelmed by my experience at Ziegler's last weekend.  I was most disappointed by the overall selection: for late September, there were hardly any apples left.  The ones that did remain were rotten, wormy, and small - golf ball sized!  I probably shouldn't blame the Ziegler's because that has a lot to do with the weather over the last few weeks, but it was still a major let-down.  

How about variety?  Well, if you like Golden Delicious, you're in luck.  Do you like Golden Delicious?  Because they've got plenty.  Have I mentioned Golden Delicious yet?!?!  Ziegler's = Golden Delicious.  It was actually a challenge to find a single red apple.  The orchard is very small, only a couple of acres at most, so it didn't take much time to navigate the whole place.  You don't even need a tractor to get around because the place is so tiny.  And while I did see signs for the tractor boarding, I never saw an actual tractor.  

The country store is the only redeeming quality, unfortunately the people that work there are so grouchy!  Seriously, a grumpus behind each register.  Rather the store was redeeming because the cider donuts are awesome.  And there's a nice selection of jams/preserves, along with pumpkins, squash, and gourds.  

While I did come home with 10 pounds of apples (a pie is on the way), I probably won't go back to Ziegler's. I visited on Sunday 9-28-08. My fiance and I were welcomed in (paying our little $1 entry fee) and told there was a lot already picked, but that there were plenty of apples to find. This was a lie. There were no apples on the trees at all except for bug infested rotten ones. We left behind an empty handed family only to see more and more groups being let in under the same false pretenses. It was sad to drive all the way to the suburbs only to be so disappointed. I would have been likely to give them another try next year had they been honest when we arrived. I went to the orchard this weekend and thought it was just great! It's late October and there were plenty of apples left on the trees. There is a $1 entry fee and they give you a bag and a map of the layout so you can find your way around the orchard.  Choose from Macintosh, Red Delicious, Golden Delicious, Fuji and a few more. The staff was very friendly as well. Bring cash as they do not accept credit cards, I was able to buy 13 lbs of apples for about $17. This is a lovely little market that you could easily navigate in 10 minutes or linger for an hour chatting with the vendors. Walk up one side, then turn around and walk down the other side back to your car. Many people jog or bike here or even take the Metra. 

Produce prices vary widely between vendors, so if you don't have a favorite farmer, walk up and down the aisle before buying anything.  Don't forget the Mirai corn  off to the side - not sure why they were pushed out of the main strip, but his business didn't suffer from that location. 

Lots of bakeries, crafters, fresh cut flowers, and produce.  Today there was a doughnut/ crepes vendor, cheese, Ten Thousand Villages (the cute downtown Evanston store).  

Atmosphere was friendly, but very quiet. Live music would make a lovely addition here.  

Plenty of parking.  Bring cash and your own reusable bags.  And a smile.  That always helps.  :) Loved perusing this market full of enticing fruits, vegetables, flowers, baked goods, cheeses, and unique items! Parking is plentiful over in the metra lot, especially if you get there earlier. Prices are not cheaper then the grocery store, but the freshness and quality are better. You can also feel good you're supporting local farmers. The strawberries I purchased were so red, plump, and bursting with flavor! We also had a filling breakfast of crepes. My kids shared a Nutella and banana crepe and I had the ham with cheese and mushrooms. We enjoyed both. 

My daughter and I came across this stand where a woman made the prettiest kids aprons with matching apron for dolls out of recycled materials, like old shirts. It was very cute so I bought a set for her. Another thing I must recommend Gindos hot sauce at the market. I'm the kind of person who shys away from spicy things, but I found his hot sauce to be delicious and addicting! My favorite being the garlic scape, with a perfect blend of heat and sweetness. Make sure you stop by to try some!  It was a wonderful way to spend Saturday morning with my family and will be back another day. Nice farmer's market although not as broad variety of vegetables as other markets.  There are lots of vendors selling clothing, jewelry and knick knacks taking away from the supposed "French" feel of it.  The crepe vendor and coffee purveyor had a lot of attention though.  The nuns are there selling their baked goods.  Those fruit tarts are quite tasty.  It would be nicer if there are more organic vegetables featured, but in all it's an interesting place to visit. I breezed through this one last Saturday after hitting up Evanston Farmers Market. This one was okay.  It's right next to the train tracks and is a hodge podge of vendors selling everything from veggies to baked goods to bed sheets. It's not very French, and it more of a bazaar than a market.  That said, it's a fun way to spend 30 minutes on a lovely Saturday morning.  Vendors including jewelry, clothes, soaps, lotions, dog biscuits, and plants.  There were also breakfast foods and a few produce stands.  It is small and not overly crowded.  There is ample parking nearby. Small. Convenient parking. Lots of people, dogs (although not allowed), children. One aisle to walk through.
Aside from the usual market offerings, there are wonderful artistic vendors selling scarves, tablecloths from France, jewelry, handmade items. Freshly made food as well. Not a market I go to every Saturday but a fun alternative to the bigger markets In the summer, I am able to do enough shopping here for weekly meals, including fish, cheese, bread, a wonderful variety of vegetables, and fruit. There are also delicious, condiments, sauces, and other products available. The food is much fresher and even less expensive than the store. Yes, there are dogs and children, but it is part of the culture of the neighborhood. The French Market is smaller than most farmers' markets, but it has a nice variety of everything we need. The fresh made crepes are delicious, too! Where oh where are the organic produce in this area?  Limited selection of regular produce and didn't see any organic.  If you're in the market for some jewelry or flowers come here.  If you want organic produce well- I don't know where to tell you to go in this area but This is not the place. Giving a one star! No dogs allowed. Bad idea. Many people love to shop outdoors with their dogs. All I can say is; why hasn't this farm stand got it's own Yelp page and following? This review was hard to find. Hopefully this will change because it deserves more.  

This place is a hidden gem in Tinley Park.  What looks like a little stand with a few items, it has a surprisingly large selection.  From fresh picked (hence the name) corn, to some of the best looking tomatoes I've seen in a while.  

Also one of the rare places to get local, and I mean LOCAL (Orland park) harvested freshly made Honey.  Wow, this stuff is amazing. Almost buttery in flavor.  Also great to build up tolerances to seasonal allergies.  

I will never buy my produce in the store again - well, on days that they are open.  They are open till the end of October and open everyday which is GREAT since "Farmers Markets" are only short time events.  (Sad really)

Here is just a brief list of what you will find. 
Corn, tomatoes, onions, peppers, potatoes, Garlic, Sugar babies!!! Watermelon, green onions which also appear to be fresh picked, locally produced honey and some of the best apples I've ever tasted. 

It's cash only so leave the credit cards at home. 

Do you and your body a favor and skip the overly preserved produce at stores some rest.  Check this place out and find out how good food REALLY tastes when it's truly fresh. I saw people eating the corn right there and worshipping it.  I have to try that Tuesday when we go again.   

This will be at least twice a week visit. It doesn't hurt that they are right across from the gym. Drove by around 4:30 as it looked like they were closing and they told us to come right in. There were a lot of people there and some of the fruit and veggies were already put away. We asked for a few things that were put away and they grabbed it from the back happily. When we rung up our stuff my dad mentioned that we came just in time and the lady said they actually closed 30 min ago. They didn't rush us once. I'm writing this as I eat the peaches and cherries from the market and they are absolutely delicious and fresh. Quality you can taste. I can't wait to try the rest later. Will definitely be shopping here again. I still have to get something that is not fresh from this place the corn cantaloupe among others are exceptionally SWEET I can't believe this local gem hasn't been reviewed yet.  Tom, the farmer extraordinaire, is a great resource for all things produce.  The bi-color sweet corn is amazing.  So amazing, in fact, you can eat it raw off the cob.  I was skeptical at first, but when Tom split the ear and ate half I thought to be nice I will try this and try not to make a face.  It is amazing.  Also, for grilling fans, the corn they grow is ideal for whole cob grilling.  Just soak the corn in water, ice water is even better, for an hour with the husk on.  When done soaking pull off any fine hairs or dangling husk to prevent a fire, put on the grill, rotate a quarter turn regularly, and in 15 minutes you have maybe the best ear of corn you have ever tried. 

On to other stuff they have.  Great bright red tomatoes, plum for sauce or regular for whatever.  Perfect watermelons and cantaloupe are usually in stock as well.  Great sweet onions, perfect green peppers, peaches, plums, garlic, and smaller peppers.  Typically there are great tasting cubanelle peppers, hot banana peppers, and firm and easy to roast jalapenos.

People come from miles around for the corn alone.  Any locals who haven't been here need to get on it right away.  An added bonus is Tom and the other people who work here.  Usually I stop on my way home.  After a long day, two hours on the Ryan and 57, the thrill that is westbound 159th in the evening, and the heat I am usually in an outstanding mood.  While I dont look in the mirror to see myself I am certain I radiate smile after the hellride home.  Like any clown, however, I am crying on the inside.  That may be why I love this place so much.  No matter the heat, wind, long day farming and driving, doing all kinds of farm stuff like miling chickens and picking up cow eggs, and dealing with people all day long, Tom still has the time and smile on his face to say hi and to help pick out the right corn, peppers etc (no idea what good v. bad looks like) for whatever I am doing for dinner that night.  All of the people who work here are great, and are very helpful.

Now the best part.  Cash only, I think, but it really doesnt matter.  A dozen corn, picked same day, for $5.00?  Usually when I leave I have to make two or three trips to the register.  Corn, check.  Green, hot, jalapeno and a couple banana peppers, check.  A couple garlic bulbs, plum tomatoes, a watermelon, usually a couple onions, etc.  All this and I can't remember the last time I spent more than $15.  Small trips, like a half dozen corn and four or five tomatoes never exceed $5.00 ..

This place is amazing, the people are great, produce us unreal good, and the price is far less than you can imagine.  This is the ideal place to shop and support local farming. The people are friendly I love coming to this place, I can get enough of their corn .Yum-yum. yummy! I absolutely love farmer's markets and the downtown Lafayette market is definitely a must! If you're visiting Lafayette and it's Saturday morning, definitely give a drop by. 

There is free parking in the garage located right across the street from the farmer's market making it easily accessible.

What I love most about the farmer's market is the variety of booths. There are booths selling anything from jewelry, to baked goods, to fresh fruits and vegetables, to flowers and plants, and coffee as well! All of the pastries I have tried from the booths have been phenomenal and very well worth the costs. I enjoy supporting locally grown goods, and visiting the farmer's market is a nice start to your Saturday. The Lafayette Farmer's Market is a great place to start your Saturday morning.  Grab some coffee and a pastry from one of the local vendors to take a casual stroll around the market tents.  A solid mix of Amish, organic and regular farm produce.  Baked goods and anything from the Harvest Bread Company are always on the list.

Parking is free.  Typical time spent is 0-1.5 hours.  Crowds not too large.  Friendly vendors that take the time to offer prep/use selections but not hover over you.  As with any market, compare prices because the will vary drastically.  If coming from out of town it is great as a stop rather than a destination. This market is as fun to just hang out in as it is to buy produce or baked goods or even handmade soap. This is a place to see the community in action and often is the site of musicians and street performers and community activists as well as lots of baby strollers and of course that fantastic produce from the Italian gentleman who seems to grow everything with extra extra flavor. Me and the family went for some fun and enjoyed every moment the food is great it is just wonderful to see all the farmers Lafayette has a great farmer's market on Saturday mornings. They had two booths making breakfast burritos, one that had homemade beef jerky, flower bouquets, and homemade soaps and candles you name it they had it. It's located right in downtown Lafayette. They have one one Wednesday's in West Lafayette too! ‍ ‍ Once you're in the downtown Lafayette area, it isn't hard to locate the Farmer's Market with the sound of live music or the hustle and bustle of people. It is a great destination for those wanting to buy high-quality food directly from farmers and producers or food not readily found at the local supermarket. 

Fresh fruits and vegetables. Meats. Baked goods. Succulents. Honey. Homemade jewelry. You name it-- you'll find it there. The prices are reasonable, and the selection is huge. I also love striking conversations with the sellers, who are all so friendly and proud of what they've grown. The entire Farmer's Market only spans a block, but there are enough vendors there to keep you shopping for at least half an hour. 

I highly recommend going with an empty stomach because there are more than a few tents selling hot, ready-to-eat food like breakfast burritos, sandwiches, etc. And you definitely won't be able to resist any of the baked goods like coffee cake or sticky buns as you go down the street! Wonderful selection and great variety. I do really miss the lady from Cutler, Rainey Farms. It is nice to support local businesses and see such higher quality produce. Live music, hot/prepared food, coffee.
Organic and chemical-free produce and fruit.
Artisan cheeses, milk, meats, jams, plants, flowers, soaps and baked goods.

A great way to spend a Saturday morning.

Some benches and tables would be nice. The LFM is a great Saturday morning tradition.  Great fruit and vegetables abound, and I always buy my tomatoes here.  I really miss it in the winter... Hey, five stars to these guys aka vendors as they are "real troupers"=brave and determined.  

It is pouring rain today and the vendors still are friendly with a positive attitude despite the weather.  Shoppers can find fresh seasonal produce, plants, cheese, bread, cookies, bagels,etc. (Key word is "seasonal" with the produce.)

I decided to take a walk down to the Federal Plaza Farmers Market to see what was fresh.

Fresh Asparagus by the pound-you pick it-(out of the basket) and they weigh it! 
Leeks!  
Herbs!
Peony flowers!

I am looking forward to tomato and cucumber season.  

For now it is asparagus, fresh "Siam Queen" Thai basil from Smits Farms is of a much better quality with larger leaves than I have found in other places in Chicago. Plus reddish-pink peonies.

Look for the Alexander Calder "Flamingo" Sculpture-then you know you are in the right spot!

FYI-Not all vendor's from one market go to other Chicago City Farmer's Markets during different days of the week.  Which makes it all the more interesting to market hop. My obsession with Do-Rite Donuts' buttermilk old-fashioned has led me to the Farmers Market on a few occasions.  Granted, the actual shop is technically still on the way to my office, but the market allows me to take a more direct path literally making a donut a stop I can make on the way to work.

The stand is fairly small and does not offer nearly as many options as the storefront.  A buttermilk old-fashioned will set you back $2.15.  Sometimes, depending on what time you go, the pickings can be slim.  I arrived one morning and did not see any buttermilk old-fashioned donuts, much to my heart's dismay.  The friendly workers told me they've have a fresh batch in 10 minutes.  I didn't want to wait.  My waistline (and thighs) thanked me for leaving.

There's plenty to choose from at the market, including produce, flowers and tons of bakery options to satisfy any sweet tooth.  Another favorite of mine is Rise 'n Roll, the Amish food stand, which carries some delicious cookies and granola bars.

The market is located on the corner of Adams & Dearborn and is open from 7am to 3pm.  It's definitely worth checking out.  There are some benches by the Divvy bike stand that's facing Adams.  You can sit and enjoy your food there. Great location and a well-rounded selection of products.

As far as farmers markets go, the Federal Plaza market is relatively small (maybe around 20 vendors?) It's Bike Week in Chicago, so I don't know if Heritage Bikes is always there, but I grabbed an iced coffee (very strong!) and some cookies for Africa, that tasted very good.

As I walked around, I liked the overall selection of vendors. 2 or 3 for produce, bread, donuts, several clothing... and most importantly, people were actively walking around, talking and shopping. Not bad for South Loop! This is such a great location for Loop workers: I come here every Tuesday (in season) before work or on my lunch break and stock up on produce.  

They have a lot of the same farms that appear at Green City Market (like Mick Klug Farm from Michigan), and several prepared food stalls as well (like Rock 'n Roll Noodles and Do-Rite Donuts).

I've been disappointed several times by Golden Rise Bakery's pastries (spinach cheese pastry with very little filling, and a not-fresh, too-sweet apple fritter), but always enjoyed everything else. Nice place, wide variety, fresh from the farm (the guy we talked to was at his barn loading up at 2:45am) for what we looked at. Raspberries, strawberries, etc. Baked goods as well. You could easily work a family breakfast here. Open Tuesday only. Great farmers market. They have about everything you could ask for. 
If you have a notch or two left in your belt, try the Omish ladies donut holes. Smallish in comparison to other markets, but everyone we came in contact with was extremely friendly and the produce looked great. This is a small but fun farmer's market that I am planning to go to every week this summer!  The highlights for me are the Amish food stall (amazing cookies and cheese - get the habanero cheese) and any fresh produce.  I do wish the produce was more plentiful - it is early in the season so maybe more will come later?  So far there's only one major produce stand, and a few other stands that sell jam/baked goods/salsa and also sell a bit of produce too.  I got some really lovely purple asparagus, the first Michigan strawberries of the season, and some great spinach that stays fresh for a looooong time. Tons of flowers and plants that make me wish I had a porch.

Right now they've got spring onions, green garlic, rhubarb, and other spring goodies.  Can't wait to check it out again in full summer! I discovered this farmer's market towards the end of summer beginning of fall - and was disappointed I didnt come here sooner! Its a nice walk, and you can find some reasonably priced, and delicious items. I found a few favorite vendors I went to frequently. Can't wait till next year! Yay it's back!!! Stopped by today and bought some portobello ravioli, salsa and banana bread. The only stand I was looking for and sadly didn't see is the pasta one. But I'm never disappointed with the products I get at this farmers market. The jams and jellies are just the best. Makes me so happy that it's summer! I dig it!

I was skeptical about this farmer's market after visiting the Sears* Tower "farmer's market," walking away sorely disappointed. I don't know if it was a fluke, but the Sears market had about 5 vendors in total - what a sad excuse for a market. But I digress...

Federal Plaza farmer's market is the real deal. A veritable maze of vendors set up in the plaza with everything from baked goods to produce to cheeses to soaps.  In my opinion, the produce is the gem and real draw of this market; there were at least 4-5 vendors with extensive fruit and vegetable choices. 

I've been trying to make a point of heading here on my way into the office on Tuesdays to grab some fresh items and baked goodies. It's well worth the trip and getting up a littler earlier than usual.

TIP: Pick up some baked goods at Misericordia's Hearts & Flour Bakery; not only does it support a good cause, but their cookies are pretty damn awesome!

* That's right I called it the SEARS Tower, as it is and forever shall be in my mind. Mmmmm, fresh produce a block away from the office!  How could I not love that?  I haven't been to a lot of farmers markets in the city, but this one is nicer than the ones I've been to in the 'burbs. 

It's not huge, but the vendors that are there have nice, fresh, produce for reasonable prices and good selection.  It's also nice that it's not all smooshed into a small space.  

I now plan on working from the office every Tuesday. I am still excited every Tuesday to go to this farmers market.  There are such a great variety of vendors, and I love the organic booth a lot.  Its so much cheaper then the neighborhood markets, and its just such a nice visual site on this corner. I'm always happy to see this market when I'm in the loop on a Tuesday.  There is a decent selection of produce, plants, breads, and cheeses.  My only qualm is that it is a little pricey.  But I guess you are paying for convenience. This is definitely a smaller farmers' market than the others that I usually frequent on the weekends. Yesterday I noticed that I had absolutely no healthy, fresh fruit or veggies in my apartment; I found this market that was close enough to work so I could stop by before coming into the office.

There were roughly eight different vendors today. I thought the mushroom tent was unique, they make their own mushroom veggie patties that are soy-free and (I think) are gluten-free as well. I really wanted to get some, but we don't have a lot of refridgerator/freezer space right now in our office. He also said they are at the Division St farmers' market, my normal Saturday spot. Two vendors had fresh baked goods, I got a chocolate croissant as a breakfast treat for waking up so early! (Again soy-free, and most of his products were vegan as well, like the Nine Grain Bread I got today!)

The majority of the other tents were fresh fruits and veggies, plus a lot of tents had homemade jams and honey.  It's Honeycrisp season right now, so I picked up a basket and some great Heirloom tomatoes, butternut squash, basil and a couple small yellow squash. I would say get here early in the morning, the tomatoes were already looking picked over at 8:30 am.

I give this three stars as a market, but add another star because of the convenience and location. Most of these vendors looked familiar, and if you usually shop around on Saturday, you'll recognize them. Sadly, there is only about a month for this market and before the cold arrives. Strawberries and Asparagus - a lovely start to the Summer Farmer's Market season!

While not as popular as the larger Farmer's Market in Daley Plaza, fewer people means less competition for the produce you are eyeing.  It's still early, so variety of produce is more limited than it will be come August, but I make a point of picking up asparagus and spring onions on a weekly basis.

In addition to the standards, there are stands selling baked goods (one of which, Hearts and Flour, benefits Misericordia - one of my favorite local charities), honey, and all the flowers you could ever need.  There are random other stands that flit in and out throughout the market circuit, so every week brings something new to check out. I was pleasantly surprised to realize it was Tuesday and business had brought me to Chicago when I turned a corner and saw this familiar market. Produce take center stage, with baked goods, flowers, and cheeses to complement the fruit and veg. We grabbed some great bags of mini cookies for 2 dollars to bring to our afternoon meeting. The coconut cookies were especially tasty.

Though I don't live in Chicago, and thus am not in a position to take advantage of much of their offerings, I'm of the mind that these markets should be mostly about brussels sprouts, corn, strawberries, and the like. Having a selection of prepared foods makes it something that a nomad like me can take participate in.  But the produce is the thing, and this one seems to have that in spades. Definitely one of the better farmers markets in the Chicago area. They have everything you could ask for.  Baked goods, Produce (Vegetables and Fruit) flowers, meat and also items that I haven't seen at other farmers markets like fresh roasted nuts and also sausages.  It's on Tuesday's at Federal Plaza in Chicago from 

Federal Plaza 
Adams & Dearborn (230 S. - 50 W.) 

Tuesdays 

May 17 - Oct. 25, 2005 (24 Total Market Days) 

7 a.m - 3 p.m. I just went here for the first time and absolutely loved it!  I finally buckled down and made the decision to start shopping local after seeing a disturbing documentary on food.  

The vegetables and fruits were so fresh and most had been picked the day before according to the farmers.  I bought fresh sweet onions (the smell amazing), a huge bunch of fresh basil, zucchini, raspberries and strawberries, along with arugula lettuce.  I also got a bag of dried cranberries and cherries from Michigan--YUM!  The fresh fruit tastes amazing.

I love that the food is free of chemicals and all the crap that gets put in it from commercial vendors.  Not to mention--the prices were comparable to the store if not cheaper anyway.

I plan to go the rest of the summer!  Also, next time I want to buy a potted basil plant. This isn't a large farmers market.  So if you are looking to replace your weekly grocery store visit with this market you are looking in all the wrong places.  That being said, you can usually find about 10 different booths that have a nice selection of items.  I've seen fresh fruit, veggies, dried fruits, baked goods, jams, sandwiches and other items that can be purchased.

The last two Tuesday's I have stopped here around 8:30 in the morning before work.  My purchases have included jars of very berry jam and apple butter, dried apricots, and a nice big bottle of honey.  All products I purchased came from either Michigan or Indiana so very close to Chicago.  I noticed they all list the ingredients in their jams and even dried fruit to let you know all of what goes into making their products.  I really like the attention to detail.  The jams were delicious!  The apple butter smells like apple pie in a jar and apples aren't even in season right now.

I'm looking forward to visiting this market each week throughout the summer to see what new booths will bring.  It's definitely worth a trip if you haven't been before. I really love this grocery store! They have a variety of everything. The staff is super friendly and helpful. They certainly have the best prices that I have ever seen! Shocking experience.. I found in the cooler smoked Turkey legs and wings which were molded. I informed friendly store associates which works at the meat and seafood section (even worries me more now) . I gave him one and kept on looking .. and found several more .. so I went to hom again to let him know , they better look through this .. after a while me standing their and him , he put back the molded Turkey leg and said I dont care I just leave it the I give a s... I was done and left quite and shocked about that behavior and unsafely food handling. I decided to email an complain .. not because of the food no because of that non caring behavior of the sales association.  But I didnt even received an email back. I doubt I will be back because if the store associates are acting already infront of customers like this I dont want to know what happens behind doors .. uuurrgghh Hey, so yeah they opened up what...last
spring? They were a little hit or miss, some areas were lacking and the pricing was a bit off. Now? Let
me count the blessings: FREE COFFEE- POPCORN SAMPLES- DELICIOUS SAMPLES GALORE-PIZZA SAMPLES- SUSHI SAMPLES!!!!!! Cheap, properly cooked rigatoni ala vodka that you just reheat in the microwave at home. Ice cream,
$1 Espresso... crazy!!!!
(on the weekend)They've got Jorge from Caputo's, and he's gotta be the best butcher around. I think they got Angela too... the lady who
makes the cheese (need to verify)? They've got some gentleman manning the seafood who appears to have grown up on a fishing boat. Super fresh exotic stuff last weekend, and the guy couldn't have been nicer or more enthusiastic. This place is winning me over with every visit. One of the new, smaller grocers in our area. The place seemed good. Prices for big name goods were about what other stores would charge, but there were a few deals which made the trip worth while. One thing is in-house made popcorn! Nowhere near as good as the now closed Popolicious in Des Plaines, but very good for a low price! Great for parties.

The people were fairly friendly, and other foods seemed fresh. A great place near our home. Love this store! Everything from the fresh sushi to the pizza! And their prices can't be beat. This place is definitely my go to grocery store! I love this store. Sam is there to welcome us. George in the meat dept is fantastic. I've gotten the best meat ever there. Deli is great..best Italian beef around. Kielbasa is super and a great price. Homemade tortillas! I won't use anything else now. They are by far the best. Amish honey is another great item..really good. Produce is good too. It's now my go to place to shop! Is a small store and the quality of many items with the price is iffy. However the meat department and having the butcher  Jorge (former Joe Caputos) I'm really happy. He knows my cut of meat and I can always phone ahead like before. Go Jorge!! Phenomenal selection at this market! Overall a very clean store with organic offerings, local products and a gluten free section. The bakery has amazing offerings with great prices on by weight Italian cookies. Very happy I stopped in for a quick shop after dinner! The only store near by that has Amish eggs from a small local Amish farm, delicious! I've tried their pizza and some baked goods which were all tasty. Clean store, organized. expired food on the shelves every visit.Rude deli personnel.Rotten produce.How gross to pick up a potato and have your fingers squish through the rottenness? Gave them a number of tries,but have given up.Thin they will go the way of Caputos soon.Wonder what they will put in the building when they are gone. I had high hopes for this store since Caputo's closed but alas not so!  Two Saturday's in a row I went shopping at my normal 9:30 am time for their Barese Sausage and they had none.  Yesterday I went in to get ham lunch meat that they had advertised and they had none.  I bought their half salt pickles two weeks in a row and they were horrible. I spoke with the manager and he made some lame excuses.  Rather than make excuses learn from your customers comments and improve. I will be making the trek to Valli in Arlington Heights now. I have given this store too many chances. :( A gorgeous late September Sunday morning and cocks are crowing... somewhere in Indiana. HA! 

But on this morn, we Funksters are in Wrigleyville with the Red Line rattling the window panes as our AM alarm clock. Coffee, bagels, cheese, fresh fruit and Uber are the order of the day.

With the aforementioned groceries disappeared, Mr Uber was at Ms Baseball Funkette's Party Barn door straightaway. Then before you could say "Bob's yer LGBT Uncle who used to be yer Aunt", we are deposited at the Logan Square Farmers Market or LSFM.

Music, vegtables, bread, fruit, pastry, soap, flowers, bikes, organic and the opposite of organic?!?, dogs, over-priced and priced just right, strollers, cheese, sausages, wagons, salamis, honey, empanadas, crepes, art... maybe a Garfunkel (props to BNL)...

All in all this Farmers Market was one beer tent shy of Sunday morning PAR-TAY! Clearly one of the best FM's we Funksters have perused in a long time. 

And to top it off, just at the end of the block... a little "While You Where Sleeping" surprise... as Bill and Ted were known to utter, Most Excellent! This outdoor LSFM is the farmers market to be at!! It's a personal favorite! Located a couple blocks from the Logan Square CTA- Blue Line. Vendors offer a variety of fruit, vegetable, honey, pressed juice, pizza, bread, live music entertainment, pastries, meats, flower bouquets, salsas, cooking oil, tamales, empanadas, and lots more! Vendors are certified with organic foods.

My favorite vendor is the Windmill Ginger Brew (non alcoholic ginger beer that tastes like concentrated soda juice). If you love ginger, kombucha, and wheat grass shots, you'll LOVE this. The chorizo empanada was also memorable and full of flavor. We brought a ton of vegetables, sourdough loaf, sunflower tendril peas, Chicago Co-op Honey, and had a pizza from the Langhe Market vendor.

Compared to Wicker Park's Farmer Market, there are more vendors and it is more crowded. If you are specifically looking for meat, Wicker Park has less expensive options. LSFM is my favorite, overall. Most vendors have a samples of their products, and are looking to start a conversation with their customers. So much fun!

The Logan Square Farmers Market is May-October on Sundays from 10:00AM-3:00AM. I would recommend this place for co-op members, people watchers, and farmer market lovers. Be sure to check it out, and you may even put this stop in your Sunday routine! One of my favorite farmer's markets in the summer in the city. Lot of vendors, from flowers and veg and fruits to ready made food like a taco stand and pizza. I got the pizza and it was delicious and very fresh. Truly something for everyone here -- this year-round farmers market is conveniently located and easy to get to, usually OK street parking, features local food, fresh fruit and produce, love music, dog treats, locally made cheese, flowers, live music and street food vendors. It's fun for the whole family to walk around tasting and buying local food, supporting local small businesses, stay for lunch and do some great people watching. On a nice day, this market is a great stroll. Lots of people watching, dog watching, and fun things to buy.
My favorite is the salsa/mushroom stand. The canned spicy mushrooms are my fave, but we eat them in like one day.

I also like the flowers and cheeses. Of course there's always seasonal veggies and fruits. Sometimes they seem super pricey, but I guess you're paying for quality.
The only area I find lacking is the prepared food/things to eat while you walk. There's a taco stand, some type of asian chicken stand, juices, ice cream and donuts. It's a nice variety, but we've tried them all and they're just okay.
I do love Letizia's baked goods. They have some really good cookies and little pizzas. At a time when it's zero degrees out and everything is covered in dirty snow and ice, we were pleasantly surprised by the indoor farmers market at Emporium. My husband and I met up with a friend to grab some food and walk around the market. It was so cool that you could still order beer and other drinks at the bar while people shopped all around you. There wasn't a lot of produce, but there were still your typical farmers market goods such as honey, fresh bread, soaps, some herbs, and canned sauces and salsas. 

The best part was the selection of snacks to nibble on while you're there. We had delicious steak tacos and my friend had both Filipino and Latin American empanadas. 

This is a great spot to hang out with friends when you're looking for something different to do than stuffing your face at a breakfast diner. I mean, I love doing that too, but I wanted something different and this was great! There are 2 separate Yelp pages for the indoor and outdoor Logan Square Farmers Market, but I'm writing a little bit about both on this page (the indoor one).

The indoor Logan Square Farmers Market exceeded my expectations.  The outdoor one is so large, so I didn't know what to expect from the indoor one when I visited recently.  The indoor location is easy to find, and has large signs outside of the building labeling it.  There also appears to be a parking lot next to the building in case you want to drive to the market.  

There are some awesome vendors inside the Logan Square Farmers market.  Examples of products you can buy include: fish, soy cheese, veggies, gourmet ginger beer/ale, Italian sausage.  There are countless other products to pick from as well.  Most of the vendors are so outgoing and passionate about the products they sell.  I spent a little bit more money than planned during my first indoor market visit, but there were just so many appealing products I wanted to try out.  

If you are looking for a fabulous outdoor farmers market during the warmer months, you really need to also hit up the outdoor Logan Square Farmers Market as well.  One of my favorite things about the outdoor market is the fact that there are several vendors serving hot food to go.  Both the indoor and outdoor market's are well run and a pleasure to visit when you are looking for Midwestern produced foods/products. One of the best Farmers Markets in Chicago.  Tons of vendors, plenty of parking (illegal) along with a nice location make it a must stop.  I tried honey from the honey vendor. Outstanding.  They have a GARLIC Farmer vendor with all types of different garlic. Must stop here!  Truffles from Katherine Anne's? They got em.  Tons of hot food as well as drinks and such to be had.  Bring cash & plenty of it. Talk later Logan Square Farmers Market was an uplanned stop after brunch over Memorial Day weekend.  There was a great assortment of food options - not only to have a snack, but also some very nice looking veggies, flowers, cheeses, etc.  The prices were a bit more expensive than some of the other markets (a chocolate cooke was $3), but the quality was good and the stalls all had very friendly staff.

I'd stop in when in the area, though not sure I'd make a specific trek here as I have closer markets to me.  

Some of the stalls were the same as ones that are at the Green City Market, but in a smaller venue, so less of a wait! The Logan Square Farmers Market is a true gem. There's something for everyone - whether you're looking for fresh produce, baked goods, fresh flowers, live folk music, or local food. 

The vendors are friendly, and the crowds have gotten bigger of the years, which is a testament to what a wonderful market this is.

Parking is free on Sundays in the lot on Emmett, just north of the Logan Square blue line station. This farmers market offers a great selection! 
We tied the pickle/cherry/peppermint snow cone from Jo Snow and it very refreshing. Definitely worth a try. The produce I bought was of great quality as well as the baked goods. Several items to eat at the market too. Good place for lunch Look out Lincoln Park!!! This is the Sunday farmers market. Live music rings in the air.....

Fruits and vegetables(blueberries, cherries, plums, peaches, greens, watermelon, swiss chard, string beans, potatoes, onions, garlic, mushrooms, carrots, beets, lettuce, tomatoes.... ok must I go on? Let's just say summer's bounty.

On the prepared side:flavored shaved ice, ice cream, iced tea, fruit drinks, chai, confections, hot sauce, bread and other baked goods(including a gluten free bakery), kale burgers, beef burgers, pizza, sandwiches and of course Gayles grilled cheese sandwiches(with a gluten free option).

For the home there are flowers, plants and soaps, snacks for pets.

This has become my favorite Chicago farmers market. And I  have to agree with others that the vibe is much better here. I like this market a lot. It reminds me of the markets I grew up with in Southern Illinois. Lots of vendors with fruits, vegetables, pastries, breads, and handmade products. There is even a doggie treat stand, chocolates, homemade sodas, donuts, cheese, olive oil and balsamic vinegar, flowers and gluten-free/vegan desserts. I just started going to this market two weeks ago and have been doing my week's shopping here. I can easily find a parking spot in the neighborhood and take my little dog (she seems to be a big hit with everyone) with me. My husband commented last week on how good our dinners dishes have tasted since we started shopping here. They have a water stand, too, which is helpful since it's been awfully hot lately. The organizers of this market are doing an awesome job! Such a fun farmers market with so many great produce, fresh flowers, bread, a variety of food options and everything in between! Nice location and great place to people (and dog) watch. Gets pretty crowded and prices are a little high but definitely one of my favorite farmers markets in the city. This is my favorite farmer's market in the city. The selection is great the location on a warm rain less day on the boulevard is beautiful. Otherwise this market moves indoors down the street during the cold months and on rainy days. The very nice mix of vendors keeps me coming back time and time again. As others have mentioned, sometimes parking is a bit of a challenge but I usually find a spot after a few minutes of looking. After I have found good place for my car, I seek out my favorite vendors. Well to be perfectly honest, I stop at just about any vendor that catches my attention with their offerings. I don't memorize all of the farmers tables that bring out beautiful produce because many overlap with the same offerings. But I try to stop and purchase from as many of them as I can. Depending upon my upcoming week's food needs. I try not to purchase too much because I don't want to lose anything to spoilage. Plus I realize I am paying a premium price for for that was very recently picked and usually taste better and has more nutrition that the typical grocery store. When you purchase at a grocery store, you don't know how long ago it was picked therefore it probably is not as fresh or nutritious.
 
I always have to buy microgreens for my salads at American Pride table. If a need a picker upper, than a energy jolt at City Press Juice and Bottle is always nice. It's hard to pass up the beautiful and unique flowers at The Flower Garden. La Boulangerie makes some very good bread, as a matter of fact some of the best in the city. Who can resist Letizia's Natural Bakery tempting sweets?? For those of you that love homemade style sausages and bacon then at stop at Underground Meats is a must. I have never been let down by any of my purchases at any of these vendors.

Each time I pass the Jake's Country Meats table I always remember that once again I forgot to being a thermal bag with ice in it to purchase meats?!? Next time Jake because I do care about eating quality meats that were not massed produced and raised humanely.

Also, if you didn't eat anything and are hungry after shopping for the upcoming week then there are tons of great restaurants within 2 miles of the market. Good luck in your farm to table search for great produce! I am so in love with my neighborhood. Today, Almond & Olive played while I ate my amazing stuffed cabbage leaves, and the entire experience took my breath away. I love this community of farmers, and I can't wait to make amazing things with all of my beautiful fresh ingredients. So long for winter market 2 doors down from me! but can't wait for this summer's outdoor market! Several vendors including farmers, flourists, food, flavored snow cones, tofu, etc.  Easy access too blue lines and a few bus lines.  They even have parking for bicycles.

A negative was too many baby carriages and they moved slow.

I participate with the city farm compost system and the farmers market is a drop off location for their compost buckets.  Definitely will be going on a regular basis. This is my favorite farmer's market by far.  I live in Lincoln Square and our local markets try, but they are no comparison to Logan Square!  They have a variety of produce stalls and cheese, which is my key priority, but they also have other tasty products, breads, honey, soap... but I REALLY come here for the "street food"!!!  COME HUNGRY!  There is always interesting hot foods, plenty of vegan options, if that is your thing, and fun shakes and drinks.  I have not been to the indoor one, but need to remember to continue to support this amazing market. I've never visited the indoor market during the cold months, but I am a huge fan of the outdoor market.  

I only wish they were open earlier (10am to 3pm Sundays)  just so we can get an early start on the day AND have breakfast at the Market, yes, even on Sundays we are up early in the Mommyhood.

There is fresh seasonal produce, flowers, herbs, meat, cheeses, jams/jellies/honey from local farms.  There are food stands--tacos, crepes, zeppole, sno cones, and probably more that I fail to recall.  Something really for everyone! We really enjoyed the fresh berries and cherries from our last visit. And the sno cone syrup is on my list for next visit.

This is a great place for all ages--I appreciated the little area where a live band was setting up and they set up a place for kids to draw and pin up their artwork on a clothesline as part of the "art' section.  Lots of strollers so watch your heels.  Lots of dogs out with their owners. Catch a sunny breezy day and the LSFM is perfection. I was really surprised to see that there are few farmers markets on Saturdays in Chicago.  It's probably because few can hold a candle to Lincoln Park Farmers Market.  I was impressed by both the vast variety as well as the signage that shows where each vendor is located in the Midwest, including Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Indiana.  During my visit, I bypassed my usual "get 12 pastries" M.O. and opted to try a tamale from one of the vendors.  It was a GREAT choice.  Whether you're looking to stock up on fresh produce for the week or munch on brunch, Lincoln Park Farmers Market is THE market to check out on a Saturday.

PS: LPFM is dog-friendly. You can feel the difference between this Farmers Market and every other Farmers Market I've been too namely Geneva, Wheaton and Logan Square. This is Lincoln Park right by the Zoo. Quaint yes, makes you feel like you're in a Nora Ephron film (mainly the ones with Meg Ryan) yes absolutely!! - why else did I come here. 

If your looking for organic, free range, grass fed, they have it.  My only complaints that it's a little pricey. Lincoln Park Farmers Market is set in a park. Perfect location to indulge in what the earth has to offer. Walking through the grass under the shade of trees made me forget I was in the middle of a big bustling city. 

The variety of items available was diverse. All the venders are friendly. A cooking demonstration was fun and informative. And the pastries were de-lish!

I loved my experience and will return soon! This is the best farmer's market in the city, in our opinion. It's a little bit of a slog to drive through the city instead of it being right next to a highway, but Lake Shore Drive is right nearby and that is good enough for us. There is a very solid attempt to make sure that all the vendors are organic, local, and at least healthy. The vendors are all chatty and love to explain the benefits of what they're selling, which I really like. They're connected and deliberate instead of cold and cash oriented, like some other other markets we've sampled. They all have very interesting wares to sell and most of them have samples to try. It takes about an hour and a half to walk all the way around which includes a few stops and conversations, so allow yourself at least that.

Here is the calendar where you can find the date that they open for the warm season: https://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/dca/supp_info/farmersmarkets0.html Definitely a down-to-earth, try before you buy, eclectic place in the city. It opens on Wednesday's and goes until Sunday usually from 8am - 1pm. I've made it point over the years to try to stop by at least once a week to check out the selections of flowers, fruits, veggies, berries, salsa's, breads, paninis, coffee, smoothies, and of course, their homemade donuts. Sometimes the donut vault mini van park along the side the festival too for you to grab a donut as you walk around the market. There's always a ton of people, dogs, strollers, toddlers, and young folks but you never feel like you're too squished walking around. Almost all the vendors have samples and there are signs to let you know how far some folks have traveled to get to the market! It's one of my highlights of warm weather to be able to visit the Farmer's market! I have been to a few different farmers markets in the city and this one is my favorite by far! 

The vegetables in particular are plentiful! Some other farmers markets in the city just have standard corn, lettuce and tomatoes, however the Lincoln Park Farmers market offers a plethora of vegetables. 

There is also a crepe station and these are amazing! I like the blueberry goat cheese crepe in particular. There is some seating at the market so many people will sit and eat their crepes and continue on shopping. 

1 stand in particular has maple bacon cookies and we love to get them because they are not only delicious but unique as well. 

Some s rands only take cash while others take credit cards so come with both! There are lots of dogs here and there is even a stand that sells dog treats and bones. This is a vibrant market with an exciting variety of interesting vendors.  I'm enthralled!  The bright, eye popping colors of fresh vegetables turned heads and I saw produce not common in grocery stores, including scarlet turnips and, new to me, lemon cucumbers.  

In addition to the farm booths there were unique food vendors feeding the hungry crowd.  They included a portable wood fire pizza oven and Gayle's Best Ever Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  Gayle's only uses products from the market and when I returned for lunch I ordered The Duke.  Superb.  The real clincher was the rhubarb mustard I chose as a condiment. 

As a fan of farmer's markets in my home town and when I travel, there were two things that stood out and were unique to this market.  Each booth has a small poster on the front with the name of the business, a description, plus a state map showing where it's from and how many miles they are to the market.  Brilliant.  Talk about eating locally.

They also had an area for trash, recycling and composting.  Recycling has become pretty ubiquitous but offering a composting bin is a wonderful idea for city dwellers, one I wish was available at my market.

I wanted to pack everything in my suitcase, but was limited because I was flying.  But I managed to bring home a jar of raspberry jam from Bushel & Peck and I put together a goodie bag for the bride and groom of the wedding I was attending - goodies like a jar of homemade organic Bloody Mary mix, strawberry/rhubarb jam, organic popping corn and wheat berries to make pancakes with.

I really couldn't get enough of this market.  You should check it out. I stumbled across this during my morning walk.  Quite a large selection of fresh produce.  I have been to several smaller ones in the local neighborhoods and this is the largest I've been to the area.  I was surprised to see a lot of breakfast foods and pizza being served instead of just vegetables and flowers.  There were places making fresh crepes and sandwiches.  There was also decent selection of honey and cheese between the different stands.  It's not too far of a walk from me.  I"ll be back to get some ingredients. To clarify: Many of these reviews on this page seem to be for the Green City Market, also in Lincoln Park, which is held in between Clark and Stockton. The below review is for the Lincoln Park Farmer's Market, which is indeed held at Armitage & Orchard, in the parking lot of Lincoln High School. 

This farmer's market was great, if a bit on the small side. Very affordable and you can get what you need regardless of size. There are 10-15 vendors, with the majority of the stands selling produce/fruits, with a truck selling meat/Amish butter/fresh eggs, a mushroom stand, pasta stand, bread stand, flower stand, crepe stand, etc. 

A note on Green City Market: this is the market with standardized laminated stall info placards, chef publicity, etc. It's much bigger and in a park setting, with lots of interesting vendors, and I love going there too. I find it a smidge more expensive than LP's farmer's market, so when I want to buy produce on Saturday without masses of dogs and strollers, I go to the LP market (crepe access is still available!) When I want to wander a bit more while shopping and stumble across interesting things, I go to Green City Market. This may be one of the best farmer's/green markets in the country! We used to visit it when we lived here. We always visit when we come to town. You can visit Wednesdays and Saturdays. Challenge yourself and walk over from your Michigan Avenue hotel. It's really a beautiful and good walk. Flat. Lovely architecture, foliage. OR from Michigan Avenue, you can take the 151 and get off around Orchard. It's near the zoo.

Love the variety of fruits and veggies. The crepes are always good. New food vendors are always showing up. There are now more varieties of hot food/freshly prepared items there. Dog friendly, lots of strollers. Fresh flowers. You probably could shop and make a meal with the fixins there. Don't forget your reusable shopping bags. There are always Chef demonstrations, sometimes well known city ones. Haven't seen one in a long time though, personally. Summer is a great time to visit, too.

Look for the squeaky cheese curds from the Brunko family, fresh pork "meat sticks" or "slim jims" if you call them that. Also, the honey producers are amazing. I like the ones in the glass octagonal jars. They used to have gold lids. The honey is almost clear. It is so delicious and actually refreshing.

Street parking near the zoo can be difficult. There is a lot just south of the zoo at North Avenue. You should just cab it over or take the bus. Great Farmers Market 

decided to make a pot of soup today as my partner has been filling sick so we headed to the Farmers Market to get veggies 

busy place it was too, but plenty of parking on the street, close to the El also and we got all the veggies and some potatoes for the soup, wandered around and checked out the fresh fruit salsas one booth had and checked out the beautiful fresh flowers, but a little hard to take home on a motorcycle next week may have to ride the train to get stuff 

listen to some fine music being played by 5 people with violins, and got a couple Crepes from Flip  Crepes http://www.yelp.com/biz/flip-crepes-chicago I got the Cheese Trio it was very good and filling plus some fresh squeezed lemonade 

Honey Crisp Apples are in season also 

think we will be hitting up this market on Saturdays till the season ends I really enjoy this farmer's market. It is nicely done, quality produce/cheese/etc and a lovely flower selection. 

The crepes looked delicious and whatever sausages were on the grill looked amazing! 

Definitely worth a trip. I'd suggest a walk or bike ride there - parking is a bit of a challenge. This is a real deal farmers market--a perfect amount of small farm stands, and great variety. There's been a rumor that Green City is stealing the business and hurting this community gem, which is a real shame because there should be a place for hyper-local spot like this. There are a half dozen produce tenets, a dairy and butcher truck, a flower market, two bakeries and two creameries, a mushroom stand and a really fun crepe seller! Make sure you make it to the market Saturday mornings, folks :) The Lincoln Park Farmer's Market is my favorite new discovery.  You can get farm fresh local produce at very reasonable prices.  I don't know if the farmer's market can fufill all your grocery needs, but it will come close.  I spent about $40 and bought fresh bread, local cheeses, several squash ($1 each!), corn (40 cents), flowers - basically as much as I could carry.

The market has food stands that cook up sandwiches and crepes in addition to the produce and bakery stands.  I noticed a coupel stands that sell meat.

Big a big tote bag with you because otherwise it will be a struggle carrying everything home. This is on Lincoln and Clark, which is a half mile from armitage and orchard listed on this page Love this on Saturday mornings! My golden retriever loves coming too. There is a great stand that sells antlers a his favorite treat! Best thing going on Saturday mornings in Chicago :) There is something very serene about meandering your way through fragrant plants, flowers and fresh vegetables.  The aroma intoxicating.  I discovered herbs that I did not know even existed!

Chocolate mint.  Yes, it tastes like chocolate mint.  It's a plant.  Wow!

I only wish I had bought more... One of my favorite things to do is wake up on Saturday mornings in the summer and take a leisurely walk to the Lincoln Park Farmers Market. No need to worry about breakfast because I have so many option right there...crepes, fresh fruit, scones, muffins. It seems like the vendors doubled from last year which just gives me so many more options. Atfer eyeing it all, I finally decide upon a few fruits and vegetables and I always pick up some fresh flowers to admire on my walk back. 

This is a great way to spend a Saturday morning and then you also have plenty of fresh items to eat the rest of the week. Fresh produce, cheeses, flowers, sunflowers, jams, smoothies and apple cider. It's a perfect way to spend a Saturday morning and support the local farmers. Prices are decent. It may not be as cheaply priced as a a supermarket, but you can expect to get some quality produce. There are also a handful of tents providing free samples such as cheese curds straight from the skillet, aged cheeses, cookies, and more. Then when you're done with all the shopping and sampling, stop by Zullo's for some delicious zeppoles. And don't forget to come early enough, as the market wraps up around 1 PM. Nice people, in season vegetables picked daily. I made dill pickles and mixed vegetable pickles with their produce, both batches turned out nice and crisp. A convenient little stop to pick up produce off of Highway 45 in Antioch. They don't have a huge selection, but we found some good things. They also carry honey and home made jams and jellies.

BTW, best nectarines I have ever had! Extremely sweet and juicy! These guys raise pumpkins, squash and gourds of every shape, size and variety. It is a super-fun outing in the fall. You can get all of your fall decorative gourd action going, buy some pumpkins to carve for Halloween, and get beautiful Indian corn for the door or the buffet. Also cool little cobs of red popcorn! Some people are still old-school and cut up pumpkins to make pie our of (can you imagine?) We always scoop out the pumpkin seeds and roast and salt them. Yum!

Every Fall they have a giant corn maze that is a lot of fun to walk through. There are scary critters and other spooky surprises around some corners... It is different every year so there is always new. There is a very nominal cost to go thru the maze -- may be 2 bucks a head. Great fun with to do with kids and adults.

Speaking of kids, kids are really fascinated by all the different kinds of pumpkins and the vast quantities of them. The many gigantic pumpkins are also fun for kids to see. You can have a great time debating which is the "perfect" pumpkin or squash and why. You are sure to have a good time and come home with a nice bunch of pumpkins for your house. Looks promising!

Parking was a tad confusing, but LZ PD were there to keep it organized.

Well-behaved dogs allowed.

Only saw fresh fruit & veg at first 2 stands, then it turned into canned & baked stuff....although they had a sign out saying that a lot of stuff wasn't there because of the extreme heat today.

I'll give it another shot soon. Very cute, small market. Fruits, veggies, knife sharpening, kettle corn, bakery (cookies mostly), pie place that has AMAZING lemonade in mason jars, a coffee place that has quite a variety for a farmers market stand! Some meat stands too. It was a VERY hot day so some stands were not present so not sure what we missed out on. As always with farmers markets...parking gets crowded, and prices are above prices of grocery stores. But what a wonderful location, right in Paulus Park! Warning: Road rage may lead to farmers markets.

Lemme 'splain. On the way home today, I was experiencing the horrific lane closures on Rand Road/12, and before that, a guy doing 30 in a 50 mph zone, and he received the DOUBLE long honk from my horn, twice actually for another offense. I gave the requisite dirty glare as I passed by- how will they learn if I don't? ;) And naturally it was a cute little family, adorable girl in back. I was IMMEDIATELY filled with intense remorse. I suck. A few minutes later, I saw the LZ farmers market sign and said to myself, "maybe it's best you chill and check that out."

It was fate. The market is right next to a nice little park with ample parking. At just after 3, there were maybe 20 or so booths set up. Their summer hours are Fridays 3-7, and bear in mind some places are cash and check only, while others do accept credit cards. (Thanks Apple Square.)

Sometimes farmers markets can be disappointing in my experience; bad produce, lack of vendors, etc. This one had a pretty nice mix of fruits & veggies, popcorn, a Mexican food booth, jams & condiments, meats, bread, soaps and a few other items. Some of my favorites I've seen at other FM in the area, like Lester's Bison Farm (good quality meat, lean and inexpensive comparatively), Mama's Jams, and Wild Flour Bakery. All good stuff! Some others were new to me like Meyer Farm who had nice looking and inexpensive offerings, and to boot, they were extremely nice folks. 

By the time I had wandered through, my road rage had subsided and was replaced by hunger, so I was pretty happy to see a banner off in the distance with one of my favorite words: tamales. Well, no, don't mind if I do. :)

This was how I discovered Pupusita Express. Yup, that's the name and it sounds funny to me, too- and not necessarily associated with something too pleasant- but they make quite a big and delicious spicy pork tamale. It was pork with green sauce (the filling) and not what I'd call spicy at all, but it had great flavor, proportions, and texture- very moist! I was also able to try something called a pupusa; 1 with cheese and jalapeños, and 1 with pork. It's kind of like a Mexican flat bread or thick tortilla with stuff mixed into it. The cheese and jalapeño one was really delicious- but super spicy so try a different flavor if you can't handle heat. And they give you curtido (pickled slaw) and a tomato sauce to throw on top. It all worked out nicely together. They have a restaurant in Lake Zurich which upon the occasion I have enough courage to battle Rand again- and further risk road rage- I plan on visiting with my husband.

This could very well be my favorite farmer's market so far. I mean, it's not very big, which I kinda like, and it's a lovely park location with interesting products and produce. I might like the Woodstock one more, but that's a good drive for me and this one just popped up in my path. You may not want to drive out if your way for it, but if you find yourself in the LZ area on Friday next week, well it's their last one of the season, so stop by and check it out. 

And please drive responsibly and keep the demons at bay. :) You have to PHONE FIRST or check Knuston's FB page for berry, apple and peach availability. They grow their strawberries hydroponically so you don't have to dig around dirt, bugs and bushes BUT they do run out especially when they get a lot of people picking over the weekend and it takes a few days for more berries to grow and be available for picking. Strawberries are available thru early Sept. 

We've been going to Knutson's for several years now. The strawberries are delicious and it's easier for the kids to pick there than at other places where you have to pick off the vines. Their preserves, produce and honey are wonderful and well priced. We've only picked peaches once - it seems to trees are newish and maybe not fully mature. Also only got to pick apples once but IL has had poor Spring weather these past years and apple harvests have suffered.

This is a very small family farm, not a huge corporate enterprise. The family is very nice. Their boys are friendly and hard working - shows my sons what they are missing out on! Sometimes there are barn kitties to play with which delights my daughter. I was here a couple years ago.  Back then it was ok...nothing memorable.  This year was a bad experience.  We went for the u pick apples.  Called ahead and they said there was a good selection....especially the red delicious.  However, after entering the rows of apples we were so disappointed.  The apples looked diseased.  There was spots all over and we were not able to find one good apple.  There were also flies everywhere.  Very disappointing to say the least.  We will drive the extra 15 minutes to kuipers in Maple Park next time. This place is a joke. 

We live 70 miles away and I emailed them on a Thursday to make sure they would have blueberries available for picking that Saturday. They assured me they would (Facebook page said it also).

We showed up about a half hour after opening. One other family is there. We came into the shop and said we wanted to pick blueberries and the kid working said they didn't have any to pick. I was very upset and then his mom came and said no, they had plenty.

We went out to the "garden".... Maybe 30 blueberry plants? All totally picked over. We were there for almost an hour and got a quarter pound of teeny tiny super sour blueberries. They kept offering their Acadia berries (very healthy but not tasty) and pointing out the tomatoes (I have my own).

What's really sad is while we were trying to find berries, at least 5 more families showed up. What a bummer for everyone.

We went to the shop to pay for our berries. I bought a "fresh baked cinnamon roll" that was dry and frozen in the middle. Also bought a bag of frozen blueberries. 


On the way out, I stepped on some kind of dead rodent, a present from one of the many cats wandering around.

And to top all of it off?? The frozen blueberries were so sour, I had to throw them out.

So I wasted 4 hours and a half tank of gas. Disappointed little girl and pissed off husband. Never again. Don't advertise a product you don't have!! My principle disappointment was that I had expected that they didn't use pesticides (based upon another website ... not theirs).  I fully expect they are more responsible than the vast majority of commercial farmers selling to supermarkets.

The staff was nice and quite helpful.  The honeybee display in the country store was excellent.  The blueberries, cucumber, peas, and green beans looked very good.  The blueberries and honey were good (and we were there the week after their annual blueberry festival).  The only other thing we tried were the blackberries.  They were OK but weren't at the peak of their season. We checked online before heading out to this orchard. It sounded promising - for the weekend, they had peaches, sweet corn, berries and such. We made the long drive and pulled up to an unassuming store with some fields nearby. It was pretty bare. Not much for sale. Maybe it was because we arrived on a Sunday, but when we inquired about peaches, we were directed to the tables where there were 3 small containers of peaches - that was it! No corn. We bought peaches ($2.50 a pound, pricey) and hoped they were good because there weren't any available to taste. There were some jams in squeeze bottles and some saltines. I tried the blueberry jam and it was tasty, but we didn't buy any. This orchard also has a U-pick option but we were only interested in Them-pick so I can't speak to that. I've been to other orchards and had a better in-store experience. My peaches aren't soft enough to eat 2 days later so I don't even know if they are any good. I'd suggest skipping this place and stopping instead at some roadside stands near Yorkville. Much better prices and quality. Very disappointed.  After looking for a u-pick farm somewhere close to the Chicago area to pick peaches, the website for this farm seemed perfect- highlighting that they offer u-pick rain/shine for fruit/herbs, a variety of vegetables, and different types of berries, pears and peaches.  After a 90 minute drive- my girlfriend and I arrived to the Knutson orchard and road/side store- our entire visit was managed by a young boy who explained the pricing, what was available for picking....a few herbs and slim pickings from various rows of vegetables- We asked about berries or peaches and he said they had none.  

We left after picking less than a pint of strawberries that we scraped together, obviously disappointed by our find.  What was equally discouraging was how little attention we were paid during our visit, as what I can only assume to be the farm owners sat chatting at a table as we entered remained seated as the young boy helped us.  

If this is supposed to be a family-owned and operated farm I saw no pride in it and would not return.

Not to let the trip go to waste we found a fully "stocked" u-pick farm:
http://www.gardenpatchfarms.com/ I am a big consumer of raw honey and I recently got some of Knutson's honey from a friend. It was so delicious that I had her bring me a 5lb. tub, and after that  another. The honey is obviously not microfiltered, as I have seen bee debris in it and this tells me that the pollen and nutrients are not filtered out. This is exactly what I look for in honey, other than being local, tasty, and the tendency to become solid at cooler temperatures, indicating that it's raw. I will buy, as long as my friend will fly! Trying to find out if they will ship it, to make it when easier to get my paws on. I took my 2 grandkids ages 5 and 7 to knutson's September 23 2013.  I thought what a great activity, the children get to see how apples grow, take them home make applesauce together.   

The staff was friendly, not too crowded.  The dwarf trees were a good height for the kids to pick from.  The apples were ok.  Hard to find apples that did not have scarring on them.  I don't know what the scars were from and doubt they effected the flavor, nutrition etc of the apples.  

My issue at the farm is sticker shock.  For 2 small buckets of apples (about 25 apples)  I was charged $34.00.   Definitely will not come back. DO NOT GO HERE!!!  I sure do hope people read my review before making the trip to Knutson's for Apples or peaches!  I was at first just going to pass the peaches off as being the end close to the end of the season, but after this experience, I feel this is probably the norm for this place.  I went there with a friend first off thinking there was a store there, which is the image that is portrayed in the website and FB page.  It is basically a u pick.  I am handicapped so I had the young man there pick me some peaches because the apples I wanted weren't going to be released until this weekend.  (I got home and the peaches were hard and the size of apricots, I let them ripen and they were very sour)  I asked if I could order some and she told me they would only be available for u pick and the only way they would pick them would be if I prepaid.  When I asked if I could prepay, I felt as if I was putting her out and she went and checked and said that I could but it would be 4.00/#.  I said OK and I really don't think she expected that response.  I wrote my name and number on a piece sf paper and asked for a receipt.  She told me I didn't need one that she would remember me and had my name written down. (What kind of business doesn't give a receipt?)  So the night before I went to pick up I read the FB page and it said they were available in their "store" only and NOT u pick and if you preordered, you would get them for 3.00/#.  So when I went into the store, They had bags of really nice looking apples all around, but when I asked for Chris, instead of her giving me 20.00 of the available apples, she grabbed a plastic bag and left the store.  When she came back in she put the bag on the table and the bag was tied in a tight knot so I didn't open it.  When I got home, I opened the bag and to my shock and dismay, the apples looked NOTHING like those in the store, in fact they looked like the throwaways!  There were 15 apples in the bag and 13 of the 15 were rotten with black holes and bruises with rotten spots.  I wish I could attach the picture I took of them!  My husband took the apples back the next day and they were very rude to him in front of all the other customers.  They accused us of taking out some apples, which why would we want them?  And told him the peaches were a week old (yes he took the peaches too because we were so upset)  They threw the peaches in the garbage and told him the apples were fine they were that way because they don't use pesticides.  Come on, how stupid do they think we are??  I SAW WHAT WAS IN THE BAGS IN THE STORE!  They refused to give him back the 20 and instead gave him back 15.20 after much resistance.  I guess this is our $5 lesson I learned.  Nice thing though, my husband said several people left empty handed after hearing this transpire.  People this crooked and rude should not be allowed to remain in business!   So please head my warning and STAY AWAY!!!  There are plenty of other orchards which are within a half an hour like Honey Hill Orchards of Kuiper's.  Take the drive and go there instead!  They both have stores with lots of item to be purchased and gorgeous apples as well!  And guess what, they DON'T use pesticides either! Lisle is a fine little city. The French Market is fun. It features vendors hawking their wares ranging from fresh fruits, veggies, plants, flowers and other edibles such as donuts, gluten-free cookies and even hot dogs. 

Also in the mix is a guy who sells very cool candles, memberships to various organizations, a blade sharpening service and other random purveyors of stuff and services. 

I like the atmosphere. Being outside on a sunny Saturday morning with my woman and my dog and having some random chats with strangers is fun. It's what we are supposed to do, right? Meet others, share a laugh and enjoy a moment in time together. 

I'm a fan. And if you give the French Market a go, you might enjoy yourself too. 

As for the veggies, I can tell you that although they are higher priced than at the grocery store, the quality is exemplary. I've purchased sugar snap peas that were amazing, peaches and blueberries that were juicy and tasty, asparagus that rocked with crunchiness. So give it a go and see what you think. I was excited to try out this market since it's so close to the park and splash pad and thought we could make an afternoon out of it. Not so much. The market was disappointingly small, with hardly any fresh produce stands. I think it took us a whopping two mins to stroll through the booths. Definitely better markets to head over to than this one! Gosh this market was just so small! I was here all of five minutes before I had seen everything they had to offer.

I like to go to farmer's markets because I like to give my money directly to the farmers. But the produce here was way more expensive than my normal grocery store. I just couldn't justify paying double here than I would at the store.

Maybe a good spot to check out but not something to go to every weekend. Nothing really special about Windy Acres Produce.  Very costly and I wasn't really impressed with anything I bought.  I do wish it stays open for double b meats though.  Very good pork and beef there and I keep going back for more. I went to the new farmers market over the weekend. I thought there would be a few more vendors but I was happy with the overall selection. There were baked goods, fresh produce, jewelry, flowers, etc. There was a small group playing music. I assume the music changes every weekend. 

I had the chance to purchase some fresh produce from a local farmer. As I was leaving I noticed John Dough Bakery selling hot/fresh donut holes with your choice of toppings. They were selling bags with 1/2 dozen and 1 dozen but we asked if we could buy just a few. He was happy to sell just a few. Make sure to ask! ;) 

Donuts, coffee, and fresh produce! This Farmers Market has a good selection but I would like to see a few more options. Today is the last day of the Lisle French Market for the year, and I'm going to miss it! We made a trip to the market most weekends when we weren't out of town this summer. There are a number of produce stands where we picked up a few delicious things each week. But our favorite part is the cold brew coffee from Cooperage Coffee and donut holes from John Dough Bakery. We'd make a morning of a little grocery shopping, and a breakfast of coffee and donuts while listening to the musicians they have each week. The Lisle French Market is always a good way to kick off a Saturday! This was quite a disappointment. As far as farmers or french markets go in the area, this was the most lack luster I've been to. I think there were maybe 7-8 stands, although it was a holiday and some may have been off. 

My friend was happy to see cold pressed coffee, but that was the only purchase made of the day. I will stick to Downers Grove or Wheaton in the future. Very little market and it seems to be getting more desolate each year... There are only a few vendors anyone comes for and only about 15 or less total time  which doesn't leave a visitor a whole lot to see. You will spend 10 minutes here and be completely bored and wondering why you didn't go to a more complete market. I was in town for a wedding a while back and I found myself with time to spare Saturday morning. It's not the prettiest French market I've seen but it was definitely a genuine effort. There was an abundance of color throughout and there were a myriad of stands. The flowers were pretty nice! 

The French baked goods made by the nuns were excellent! The delicious French pastries bumped this up to 4 stars. You can tell that the tarts and breads were authentic French. Definitely get the pain au chocolat and the apricot tart! While this isn't a huge market, the selection is great, the variety is really nice, they always have live music and hot food for purchase. It's not as crowded as other markets which is nice, and people are friendly. Plus a few produce stands take debit card/credit card. Yaay for not having to always carry cash to make a produce purchase. :) OK, so I've been a few times this year, and someone seemed to have read my review, or they realized they were selling short.  I just came back from a trip this morning, and the quality and selection were outstanding!  The prices seem to have come down quite a bit from last year.  This is still a fraction of the Naperville Farmers Market, but it is convenient if you live nearby.  I'm really happy they made some changes or got in new vendors... It is a small market (approximately 2 rows of vendors) but the vendors have always been friendly and the produce I have purchased has always been of the best quality and extremely fresh. 

The market usually has some form of entertainment (singing, guitar, etc) and a few random booths full or jewelry, candles, and/or flowers. I give them 3 stars for effort in reviving the downtown Lisle area.  There are two rows of booths to shop from, including Flower, Herbs, Sterling Jewelry, Csometics, Purses, Breads from Great Harvest, Baked Goods from those Nuns that are everywhere you go at festivals, and usually a service type booth (Walk for Cancer, etc.)

They always have a special event.  Last month was the human model for the Punisher Comics, in September (the first) I will be offering three free yoga sessions. Descriptive phrase:  Small, useful farmers market in the middle of historic downtown Janesville

This was actually my first time at the Janesville Farmers Market, but mom has been here many times and always brings back goodies. My two favorites are the kettle corn and corn on the cob. I would say there was 20-25 vendors on Wall Street, ranging from handmade soap to home grown squash. Market is open Saturday mornings from 8am-1pm.  Vendors came from all around the area from cities such as Monroe, Milton, Edgerton, and Bardstown. 

This is by no means an all day event. We probably spent 20-25 minutes and looked at nearly every vendor, stopping for a quick talk. Nearby the market are my two favorite restaurants in Janesville, Cozy Inn ( Oldest Chinese restaurant in Wisconsin) and O'Riley & Conway's Irish Pub. If you are in the Janesville area, it might be worth a stop! Meh. 
There isn't too much variety here. 
However, the items that my husband and I have bought have been delicious. 
I wouldn't travel out of town to come here, but if you live in Janesville, you might as well stop by. It isn't an all day thing. My husband and I were here for about 20 minutes and saw the whole thing. 
The prices are decent and it's always a good feeling to know you're supporting local businesses. We love Wellhausen.  We just started our second year with them.  Farmer Jim is very honest in his newsletters about what is happening on the farm, both good and bad.  The produce is great!  You get fruit and vegetables!  We ended up with three large pumpkins last year that my daughter is still talking about.   I love that it gets delivered to my door.  The first few weeks we weren't sure what time it would be dropped off, but once Farmer Jim gets his route figured out, the delivery is about the same time every week.  
He doesn't always respond to email quickly, but that's because he's a farmer.  He works on a farm, not in an office.  He's very friendly and really cares about the food he grows.  We have been very happy!! I am well into my third year with Wellhausen Farms.  Each of the years has been very different.

Pros:
Fresh veggies delivered to my door every Sunday between late June and into late October.
Variety of stuff that I wouldn't always think to purchase at the store.  Forces me to try new things.
Supporting a small farmer that grows food naturally.

Cons:
Expensive - For $19 a week I just don't feel like I am getting very much, but there is a delivery charge basically included in the cost.  
The variety comes over the course of a season.  But due to the way that veggies grow, you are likely to get a lot of something for a couple of weeks when it is in season.  I am often overwhelmed with too many onions, cabbages, greens, etc. in any given week or consecutive weeks.
Actual farm is in Wisconsin, not IL.  Not really as local as I had hoped.  But what did I expect since I live in the Chicago suburbs.
Tomatoes are delivered green.  It just isn't the same.


I have also purchased the bulk  beef and pork from Wellhausen.  I was interested in getting a variety of farm raised meat wrapped in old fashioned butcher paper.  My first disappointment was when I received the meat and it was only wrapped in a single sheet of paper that ripped easily was the frozen beef poked through it.  I gave this feedback to Farmer Jim and he said he would pass it on the the butcher.  Then the next year I ordered a half of a pig.  The wrapping has the same shortcomings.
One observation about naturally raised cows... the meat is very lean.  What I learned is that I actually like a little fat in my beef.  For instance, the ribeye was so lean that it was too tough and dry for my taste.

I am really torn about how I feel about doing business with Wellhausen Farms.  Each year I have reasons why I say that I am going to cancel, but then I keep doing signing up and hoping that things will get better.  I really like the idea, but I am not fully satisfied with the execution.  I just can't use this many onions!

I am giving a 3 star rating because they are good, but not great.  Perhaps my expectations are not in line with what Wellhausen has to offer.  Perhaps someone else will love them.  I don't discourage anyone from giving this a try, I just cannot heartily recommend it.  Maybe next year will be better... This is not your typical farmer's market. You'll find food items like meats and vegetables, but you'll also find cookies, jams & jellies, jewelry, clothing, artwork, books, coffees, special teas and a number of unique items from various local vendors. 

It's a fun event hosted at Schlafly's Bottleworks. This is a great winter and summer season farmer's market. I scored some great goods, like a whole wheat pancake mix and a great roobois chai. They have veggies and fruits, apple butters, honeys and jams and home goods and clothing. One of my favorite jewelery vendors, Beqi clothing, was there the last time I went. I also bought a great wintertime shea hand cream from BelleJournee. I love stopping in to the market because you never know what you'll find. Farmer's Market mid-week, in front of one of my favorite breweries?! 

Please and Hell Yes and Thanks. 

(weekly growler fill-up and cheese stop) The best thing about this farmer's market is the addition of the Pie Oh My lady.

We always spend some time to just talk with her... and get a slice.  

Other than that I think this palce is only worth checking out if you live in the area and can't wait until Saturday for one of the larger places.

There is a guy selling beef heart though if you're on the lookout for that sort of thing.  Those things are delicious.

Kalimaaaaa... This farmers market is puny compared Tower Grove and Soulard.  There is indeed a variety of vendors, but just not enough.  This market clearly lacks a variety of fresh fruits & by that I mean watermelons, strawberries, etc.  They just only have tart cherries, raspberries, gooseberries & blueberries.  Some of these vendors are organic.  I support local farmers & meat producers.  I just wish there were more of them at this market. I've become a weekly visitor to MFM and it's really grown on me. There are more vendors, and I have gotten great produce here, as well as eggs, meats (for the hubby), jam, plants, and bread. Companion is here and a weekly stop, for sure. The gal who works there always knows what I'm going to get so it's nice to be recognized. I got some great tomato plants that I just couldn't resist that are growing great! I like the vibe this year. Parking is usually ok too. Worst case scenario, park on a the street and visit some other awesome businesses in Maplewood. What's that, you say?  You say it's still too cold in March for the Maplewood Farmers Market?  

Well.  I would've said the same until I realized that the good folks at the Bottleworks allow the farmers to sell their goods indoors during the chillier, off-season months.  Having had lovely weather earlier this week, they decided to hold the market outdoors this morning, which, in my opinion, was still a bit too early.  Brrrr!  But, there was hot coffee and other belly-warming goods on hand, so all was well.

Cheery, freshly-cut Spring daffodils waved at us as we checked out the farmers' wares.  Farm fresh eggs!  Grass-fed beef!  Fresh pasta!  Amazing goat cheese!  Overwintered spinach and fresh arugula and kale!  Baked goods, jams & jellies and all sorts of things to make tummies happy!

I love farmers markets and the Maplewood one is pretty great.  Even better when it's warm and sunny outside, because then the harvest is particularly diverse and bountiful.  Once it's growing season and the market is in full-swing, I recommend showing up when the market opens.  Lines will already be forming.  And I *will* elbow my way through the crowd for a few pints of Biver Farms strawberries. Goat cheese. Goat cheese. Goat cheese. You can't go to the Maplewood Farmer's Market and not buy it. Unless, of course, you happen to be lactose intolerant - and the thought of that just that makes me sad. 

This stuff is simultaneously creamy and fluffy. It's rich and light in one bite. It's miraculously delicious - and it's shaped like a heart, which puts it on all new levels of awesome.

Is that the only reason I go to the Maplewood Farmer's market? No. But it's typically the primary one. And I always have a lot of fun browsing after I've secured my heart-shaped piece of cheesy heaven.

We bought a few tomato plants there in the spring that served us well all summer, and we've stopped by on several occasions to pick up local meat for grilling on the 'que. 

The downsides? It's pretty small, somewhat pricey as far as farmer's markets go (though, there's always haggling), and any meat that you buy there is typically frozen for selling - so you can't always throw it on the grill right away. But the people are friendly, the location is great, and chances are, you'll find something that you just HAVE to bring home. Right by my work.  Love that it's on Wed and not weekends like most because I work weekends. It may not be the biggest or have the most variety of the local farmer's markets, but I love that it occurs during afternoon/evening hours on a weekday - it is the perfect place to swing by after work and pick up some fresh produce, bread, cheese, or meat to create or spruce up my weeknight meals. Farmer's market? Check.
Amazing produce? Check.
Fresh baked goods? Check. 
Fresh, organic jams? Check.
Best goat cheese I've ever had in my entire life? Check.
Beer on tap provided by the ONLY St. Louis owned brewery left? Check.

I feel like I don't need to say anything more...But I will..

A bit pricey, as farmer's markets tend to be, but worth it. Stopped here for yumminess before heading over to the Botanical Gardens for their Jazz festival. Best idea ever!
The Maplewood Farmer's Market gets a big YUMMMMM from me!! I know that Soulard is really the be all end all of St. Louis farmer's markets, but sometimes you just want something a little less daunting. Not to mention a market where you don't have to be there at the crack of dawn to get the good stuff. And Saturday markets that end at noon? Please. Don't make me set my alarm. Weekends are for sleeping in! 

But, it's ok, because I've already stocked up on farm-fresh produce by hitting the Maplewood farmer's market on Wednesday evenings. That's right. 4-7. And it's oh so conveniently located in the Schlafly Bottleworks parking lot. Happy hour and farmer's market. Now, that's a winning combination. 

I've got to give a shout out to Baetje Farms whose cheese has become pretty ubiquitous among the farmer's market circuit. I think they hit all of them, but they are fast becoming one of my favorite vendors at Maplewood. They are just so darn nice and the cheese is melt-in-your-mouth good. They also take credit cards which is a huge plus for a stall where prices are in the $8-12 range. The Maplewood Farmer's Market takes place every Wednesday from 4-7p.m. during the seasonal months. I love that I can go here after work, pick up fresh vegetables and fruits (they have a TON of other wares and foodstuffs, too), and go home (no waking up early to go here). The Maplewood Farmer's Market takes place in the Schlafly Bottleworks parking lot and benefits local farmers and growers. I am starting to be a bit of a meat/veggies snob. I don't get to Farmer's markets as often as I would like. Although this market is not the most conveniently located to where we live, I would go out of the way to do my shopping here. 

They have a good variety of vendors here. One can find almost every kind of perishable and it is all local! All of the vendors are friendly and more than happy to tell you about their wares. 

Not only are the vendors awesome, the crowd is also really cool. Started up a few conversations with folks just standing in line or browsing.. This is going to be on my rotating schedule of farmer's markets to attend! My favorite local farmers market I've visited, by far. I've always wished the season would start a little sooner than the first week of June, though. Maybe they'll finally heed that advice, and start a few weeks earlier for 2014? I can understand the season ending in mid-October, due to the fact it starts to turn very cool enough right around that part of the fall. I still really wish their farmers market season would begin at least by mid-May, though.

Though some of the vendors are a tad expensive, I always find something to enjoy about this farmers market every time I go. If you have a chance and a Wednesday afternoon/early evening to come by, check it out. This was my first time at the Andersonville Farmer's Market. It had most of the items that I was looking for.  Typical farmers market.

 The market is compact since it's only couple of blocks long.  There are plenty of options for veggies and fruits, but organic and non-organic.  The only item that I didn't find was corn.  The red and black berries are delicious.    The Bruni-Uusto cheese stand is incredible which you can taste before you buy a packet or two.

It's great to have this market during the week to replenish your fruits and veggies that you have bought over the weekend.  The evening hours is a plus.

Looking to return. Sometimes, I forget that I live in the nation's third-largest city... and that sometimes usually happens when I'm perusing the Andersonville Farmers Market.

As expected at a farmers market, there's free samples for the taking. I'm talking in-season jams, glorious cheeses grilled on the spot, handmade tofu, cardamom blueberry granola, banana foster-flavored popcorn, quickly-snapped-up ears of Iowa corn and juicy apricots. But, bet you didn't know real smiles were up for grabs, too! I'm wearing my ear-to-ear Sunday grin on a Wednesday... hump day, my dears, has never rocked this hard. Where's that apron?

And when I awake tomorrow, I'll have my way with organic eggs, sweet gypsy peppers, oranges juiced by the hands of yours truly and a slice of zucchini bread. I believe this is what we Americans call "stopping to smell the roses" though more accurately, I'll be stopping to smell the heady fragrance of fresh-cut lilies (also purchased at the AFM).

If you forget your cash, don't despair - you can buy tokens on your credit/debit card and they basically work like cash (you'll get hard change back). This small, easy-to-navigate open air market is open 'til 8pm every summer Wednesday, and they keep it going into the borrowed days of Indian summer, too.

LOVE. That is all. I stopped by last week.  The Andersonville Farmers Market is a decent size with lots of samples to taste, and is far bigger than the tiny one in Edgewater and the so-so one by the Loyola el.  It might be around the same size as the Rogers Park one by the Morse el.  

Like other Farmers Markets, they offer a LINK matching program.  In Andersonville's case, this means that they'll charge your LINK card a certain amount (say $10), and then give you $20 in cardboard tokens.  You then use the cardboard tokens to buy goods.  While this of course doesn't let you spend in denominations smaller than $1, so you can't buy taste portions, it avoids the nonsense I saw last night in the Rogers Park Farmers Market.  There, the two women operating the LINK machine couldn't figure out how to correctly bill the customer, and kept overcharging her.  In the end, I'm pretty sure they underpaid the vendor by $1.50. This was the 2nd Farmers Market I've gone to in Chicago and again wasn't very impressed. Had less vendors than the Logan Square Farmers Market. I went on 6/4/14 and just felt the display by the vendors was thin overall. I arrived around 6:30p so with an hour and a half left I'm sure it's not uncommon to be out of product. I did take note that one vendor (Twin Garden Farms) wasn't present as they are advertised on the website. I was hoping they would be there because of their unique corn on the cob. I did not see any signs of them there. 
It was also a rather cool night and it had been raining most of the day so that could have impacted the overall sad feel to the market. I will give it a go again in a few weeks or so as I want to support local busniess.
I was again disapointed with the lack of fresh cut flowers and one vendor with just potted ones for gardening. This is one of my favorite things in the neighborhood, and there are a lot of things I like in the neighborhood. There's a solid variety of vendors (many of whom have free samples... just saying) and prices are fair.  If you know what's in season, you can probably get a deal. The focus is definitely on produce, which works for me.

I also really like that it's in the evening, which helps me avoid the less-than-preferable scenario of hanging around with 3 pounds of apples and/or tomatoes after my lunch break/until I go home. The Andersonville Farmers' Market is just like the neighborhood (quaint, cozy and friendly). There's great selection for produce and other items (breads, meats, eggs, treats, etc.).

The prices from vendors could be cheaper, but I guess the standard prices for Chicago farmers markets are marked up in general. Another recommendation would be if they had more vendors with made-to-order food. 

I love the market and it's a staple to my Wednesday evenings throughout the summer. You can't help but love classics like Goldfinger, and Secret Agent Man on an accordion.  That was the live music selection at today's winter farmer's market.  The market is small with maybe around 20 vendors.  They had homemade candies, pastries, soups, bread, and salsas.  I ended up with some great  organic winter spinach and winter radishes, and also some ciabatta bread.  (I think I see a sandwich in my near future.) I was also intrigued by the never-ending knowledge of the black garlic vendor, and ended up with some of that, too.  Though the market is  small it's a good place to pick up some fresh goods, and commune with your neighbors.  And, it gives you just a taste of summer when all the outdoor farmers markets are in full swing. I appreciate the fact that this market is open into the early evening hours. This is really wonderful especially for people who work full-time during the week. This market features a myriad of produce items, many kinds of breads and excellent meat vendors. This Farmer's Market features a rotation of vendors (merchants), which s a great way to give new vendors an opportunity to participate every other week. You will see items, such as, baked goodies and fresh real fruit jams. Due to the "rotation" of vendors (merchants) you may not see a specific vendor the following week. One vendor that I was very happy to see this year was "Black Garlic North America" which offers aged, fermented garlic which has a sweet, delicate taste and balances most dishes perfectly. I love using this garlic in different meats as well as using it sparingly in salads, grilled salmon or broiled Talapia. I also purchased some organic vegetables and fruits. I even found corn, which is very hard to find at a Farmer's Market. Picked up a few ears for my husband who loves corn on the cob. This Farmer's Market is open through October 15, 2014 and every Wednesday from 3 to 7 pm. Gotta love it!

Due to "space" this is not a huge Farmer's Market, however, it has some wonderful items. I like the size of this market, because it doesn't take long to get through the entire market and hit up most of the vendors here. I have been to many, many Farmer's Market over the years and most close by early afternoon. On the other hand, this Farmer's Market is open until 7 or 8 pm (depending upon the day of the week and time of month). This year the market opened two-weeks early, which was very exciting for those of us who enjoy a great Farmer's Market. 

There are nearly 30 vendors offering everything from fresh-cut flowers, wonderful bottles of wine to a myriad of cheese to honey and including fresh lamb, delicious ripe fruits and unique vegetables. If you enjoy tea in the fall and winter time (or year round) you must check out the gourmet tea vendors. There are pies, gourmet pasta sauce and unique salsas that you may not find any where else. I noticed some people brought their knives (yes, you heard correctly) -- knives -- and someone will sharpen your knives for FREE while you walk around the Farmer's Market and shop till you drop!

I met Brady Bradine at the Farmer's Market. This is his fourth year being a vendor at the market. He sells all-natural, whole grain baked goods, which I can appreciate but can no longer eat. For example, Brady sells cookies, cupcakes, muffins and brownies from his bakery located in Oak Park, IL (it is called "B True Bakery"). I didn't purchase any items from the "B True Bakery" but my friend purchased a cupcake and cookie for her husband. I gave up sweets and anything that contains sugar, but I do admit my mouth was watering and everything looked fantastic and smelled super fresh. My friend rated the cupcake with 4-stars (as she ate it while we were walking around the market). Her husband enjoyed the cookie and said it was "very, very good." He didn't rate the cookie. However, he inhaled the cookie very quickly so I will take this to mean that maybe the cookie was/is 4 or 5-star worthy.

If you have not been to a Farmer's Market this Summer, get your ass over to Berwyn Avenue (between Clark and Ashland Avenue) and treat yourself. This is their sixth year. I love a good Farmer's Market, and appreciate that they also offer organic products that will not break your budget. I also appreciate that they accept credit cards, debit and LINK cards which makes it very convenient for everyone to shop at this Farmer's Market. Some of the other Farmer's Market that I have shopped at this Summer are "cash only" but not the Andersonville Farmer's Market. Out of all the Farmer's Market that I have been to this Summer this is one of my favorite markets. It is such a great community of people and the vendors are fantastic and sell quality top-notch products. It is affordable so I can purchase healthy organic items for a lot less than I would pay at Whole Foods! Check out this market before it ends. You will not be disappointed!

Hhhhm, I am not sure why someone voted this review as "Funny." Strange. I really like this farmers market. I don't feel overwhelmed with selection as I do at other farmers markets (not that I'm knocking you Daley Plaza, but sometimes I just leave with an apple because there are too many varieties of all produce) and there is a neighborhood feel to this farmers market. I've been here 4 weeks in a row and several tents know who I am as they start reaching for the honey crisps and the sun burst tomatoes. 

The prices are reasonable---I purchased slightly beat up honey crisps for $5 (I chose the second hand looking ones as they were $2 cheaper) and 1/2 pint of organic sunburst tomatoes for $2.50. 

It can get crowded as it's on a narrow strip of Berwyn and many people bring strollers and/or dogs, so be aware of that before heading in. 

Also, they have a token system in case you forget to bring cash (like me). My apartment smells fabulous right now, because I'm slow roasting tomatoes from the farmers market. Because they were "seconds" -- some overripe, some bruised, none perfect -- I got a 10 lb bag for 5 bucks. That's cheaper than The Jewels.

I've fallen hard for my local farmers market. It's not big, and there isn't the variety of some markets, but to quote Spencer Tracy in "Pat and Mike," what's there is cherce.

What is there? Well, the usual rundown of fruits and veggies, of course. Apples are coming in, and the beloved honey crisps are everywhere. ($5/qt, which in my case was 7 apples, which is much better than The Jewels.) Though I'm a little put off by the winter squash. Too soon! 

But it's the non F&V stuff I tend to buy here. Great breads - if a little pricey - from Bennison's. Amazing fresh and aged cheeses from Brunkow Cheese in Wisconsin. They have a raw milk white cheddar and horseradish spread that is amazing. And an aged cheddar that is one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. And you know there's a lot of competition there. Preserves from Rare Bird which include - are you sitting down? - strawberry chocolate. And so much more. Infused vinegars, herb rubs, fresh eggs, fresh pasta. Goat meat! Krsna, are you listening?

Of course, most of this stuff isn't cheap. Sure, there are bargains like the tomatoes and apples, but the eggs are $4.50 a dozen. But a half pound of 6 year aged cheddar for 12 bucks is more satisfying than a pound and a half from Kraft for the same price. Go for it.

The market must be doing well, because it has been extended until Oct. 7. (Originally, Sept 9 was going to be the last day.) Hours are now 3 to 7. I assume this means they'll be back next year. Which is good news for all of us. This farmer's market is friendly, convenient, and has so many wonderful local and organic options.  The only downside is that it is very small.  If you can find whatever it is that you are looking for on the block between Clark and Ashland, then this is an excellent option.

More so than other Farmers Markets that I have been to, this one hosts many vendors who do more than just raw goods.  You can usually find artisan bread, cheeses, tofu, pastries, and other local creations.  This is nice if you're trying to put together an entire meal from the market without rounding out your shopping list at a large supermarket.

Some of the vendors can be a bit pricey... that's the cost of quality products.  Fortunately many are becoming credit-card friendly and if you should need cash there is a US Bank with an ATM just up the street. Fantastic! Any time I want to spend $5 for a small jar of cheese spread, no scratch that . . . . any time I want to spend $5 for a small jar of SPREADABLE CRACK COCAINE, I'm coming to the AFM and Brunkow Cheese of Wisconsin (of course). Ohmyfreakinggawd. This stuff is so good, and they have a small hibachi on site, for grilled cheese curds. This cheesehead rejoiced. I was powerless, my wallet sprung open beyond my control.

Also great Concord grapes, and apple cider. What was priceless was procuring really healthy, delicious snacks (grapes and free samples) for a hungryish "I want a snack!" kid.

Great, small market in the best 'hood in Chicago. Pricey, but eh - every once in awhile, you have to indulge. Oh, and running into My Favorite Yelpers at the market? Priceless as well. This is a great little farmers market that is being spoiled by inconsiderate patrons.

People, please, it's a small area.  No, it's not OK if you run into me with your bike.  It's not OK if your dog gets startled in a small area and goes crazy.  It's not OK for yuppie mommy to assume that they have the right of way just because they're pushing around their little darling.

Going to have to agree with the previous poster in regards to the hassle created by inconsiderate people that don't have the common sense to a) lock bike on uncrowded street b) leave fido at home or c) be considerate and not use their stroller as a battering ram (it's just plain rude to use a stroller to nudge someone out of the way!).

As for the food, there is some great produce by a few vendors. It's nice to see Phoenix Bean have a stall.  There is meat/eggs available, however some vendors don't bring certain items because, as one vendor said tongue in cheek "the Green City Market is the best and that's where they sell most of it".

Prices are a little high and you can tell that the vendors are setting prices together.  Coincidence that all vendors have the raspberries priced exactly the same?  I think not.  The convenience, in spite of the bad behavior demonstrated by selfish people, makes it worth the trip on Wednesdays. Ok...Admittedly, maybe I'm just easy (when it comes to Farmers Markets), but I love this one.  Andersonville is a great area, the vendors are always super friendly, I meet fun people there, and they have go

Parking:  Street (meter) on Clark, but there are plenty of other options around (Ashland, Rascher, etc.) with free street parking in the neighborhood.

Gluten Free Friends:  They have yummy GF options too.  Side Note:  Right nearby is Andie's.  They now have GF Pita to go with the hummus!  ;) Ah, the midweek highlight that is the farmers market! I miss it already. I only moved to the neighborhood in the late summer, so I can speak more to the fall offerings than spring or early summer. My favorites: Apple cider from Michigan. The beautiful name-your-price flower arrangements, run by the friendliest young women. Homemade caramels in the most delicious flavor combinations, like honey vanilla or rose. Halloumi cheese and tofu. Squid ink pasta. Samples GALORE. 

Take a few laps to compare prices, then dive in. Enjoy the live music, the dog friendliness, cheerful vendors, and best of all, the late operating hours. I finally made it the whole 7 blocks away to this farmers market. 

Andersonville is technically a part of Edgewater, but let me tell you, this farmers market rips the pants off of the Edgewater market! It is no jealous sibling, but a hulking behemoth of wonder! 

What a slacker I have been for not making it here sooner!! Oh. My. GOD! 

There must have been 7 or 8 stalls of fresh veggies. I have been craving tomatoes like a heroin/crack whore and supermarket tomatoes will not do it. I had to get my fix. And let me tell you, I have been nodding in tomato glory all week! They were not horridly expensive, and super wonderful!!! 

THE CHEESE, oh, the CHEESE is to die for. I came home with some fresh mozzarella and a wonderful horseradish cheddar spread. Spread? you may be thinking- Yes, add a dab of this to noodles and you have the best darn Mac-n-Cheese that you can imagine! Add some mixed mushrooms from the vendor (10$ for a really full bag) and you are set for some of the best Mac and Cheese that you can imagine! 

My mouth is watering just thinking about it again. I am going back this week, and next week, and every week until they close. 

Yes, they do sell bakery items, ice cream, meats, you name it. But between the cheese, shrooms, and tomatoes, I am the happiest person you can find! 

I wish they would teach the Edgewater people how to do it. This is two blocks worth of stands, delicious, wonderful stands! The Andersonville Farmer's Market is great for your dosage of local-produce-warm-fuzzies for the week. It's conveniently located (right off Clark), which is nice, but it's a little small (no parking lot for these guys, they have to make do with the side street).

I feel it's friendlier and more intimate than other farmers markets I've been to in the city. They have a nice selection of produce, and you can certainly get a lot of your weekly (healthy) grocery shopping here with fruits, vegetables, eggs, cheeses, tofu, pastries and more! I expect fresh produce at a farmers market not canned or jarred salsa. 
where's the fresh produce? Corn in a mesh bag? Get a clue, shop locally and buy the same stuff with out the outrageous mark up. If your looking for a Sunday morning destination (or any day during the growing season), look no further, as I have the perfect option for you!

Wiltse's Farm is a family operation. The sweet corn is as good as it gets anywhere. It's field picked daily and available to you by 9:00 A.M. Fresh picked sweet corn everyday! 

They do all the work so don't have to. No seed sowing, no cultivation, no irrigation, no harvesting and no worries...you just enjoy!

By the way, this is a limited time offer... so act now! I love stopping here on my way home to pick up some things to inspire dinner. Friendly, very affordable, many wonderful, seasonal options. I stopped by this farm on my way out to visit family. Service was friendly and the place was well organized, with a wide selection of produce. I was able to get about 12 ears of corn for decent price as well. This was the first farm I have visited on my own, outside of visiting farmers markets, and it was interesting to see, and support a local farm. I will definitely be back in future. Best corn on the cob all season long. I would put this corn on any day up against any farm stands best day. It's that good. They must plant 60 days in a row and then pick 60 days so it's perfect every day. It's one of my favorite places in the summer. Used to live in Geneva and now I am about 50 miles away and I still make the trip frequently. What can I say about wiltse's?  Fan-freakin-tastic. The sweet corn is always amazing and the candy apple red onions. I slice them in half, brush with oil and grill for a few minutes... then devour about 100 of them. Sure, I get a little gassy, but it's worth it, and I blame it on the dog. Love their fresh produce! Feels good to eat items picked just this morning. Thank your for keeping farm fresh produce an option! Very, very sorry to write this review.  For probably about twenty years, I've stopped at Wiltse's Farm for vegetables.  The original owner was one of the nicest, friendliest people you could ever meet, the vegetables were fresh and great quality, and the prices were fair.  Now, I still can't fault the produce or the prices, but the friendly, nice atmosphere is gone.  Last year, I was overcharged several times, and wasn't given a receipt by a young man who worked there.  The last time it happened, I was polite and did straighten things out.  That employee was no longer there as of 2017 season.  So, this year, back to shopping as normal, I thought.  But for some reason, I'm being given the cold shoulder, not welcomed as I come in the door as other customers are, never given a receipt, and when I check out, there's some issue when they try to run my charge card.  Other customers get held up, I get held up, and one time when it happened, someone behind me said that I should have paid my credit card bill on time!  Talk about embarrassing! Yesterday,I was left to carry a massive pumpkin to my car without help, when there were many employees standing around.  It seems that the problem is all on the part of a woman who now appears to in charge.  Too bad good things can't stay that way! I tried to use this farm to purchase pumpkins for my wedding. I called the winter before so the farmer could plant additional white pumpkins and discussed the exact number I needed. I was assured that he had handled wedding pumpkins before and there wouldn't be a problem. When it came time to pick-up the pumpkins the farm owner could not commit to a plan. He couldn't give me a date to pick them up, a set price, and could not set aside a quantity for me. Instead, he told me to stop by his farm stand and pick them out. I drove over an hour to go to the stand and was severely disappointed. There were not nearly enough pumpkins for my needs and the workers could not guarantee me there would be more. Additionally, almost all of the pumpkins were beat up or damaged. When I explained my frustration the staff was completely unsympathetic and made it seem like there was no solution. Needless to say I found the pumpkins somewhere else and will never use them again. There are a lot of great farm stands in the area, but this isn't one of them. Nearly every time we are out to visit our horses, we stop at Wiltse's to stock up on fruits and vegetables. Much of the produce is grown right there and the rest is local.

Today was onions, leeks, tomatoes and peppers. Corn is over for the season, but the place is stocked with pumpkins, squash and gourds. So, if you are out of your gourd, this is the place to visit!!! LOVE Wiltse's!  When I'm out that way, I love to swing by and get some fresh veggies - its a great family farm.  I love going in the spring, too and picking up some plants! The BEST asparagus I have ever tasted! It was sweet and crisp. I will never buy any other asparagus! The flowers and plants we picked up were gorgeous too! People were extra friendly and willing to help out! 

I can't wait till later in the season to buy more produce!! This is one of the regular stops I make in the summer when I'm on the 38.  They do herbs and other plants and flowers early in the season, and fruits and veggies (mostly veggies) for the rest of it.

Quality and prices are good. I have to write this review because there are so many unfair reviews for this market. I am a dog lover and have two of my own. I would never expect nor want to bring them to a farmers market, but that is just me. I am not leaving them in my hot car - I am leaving them at home for a little while I go shopping. This is a farmers market, not a dog park. There are also customers here who maybe don't like dogs or are allergic. 
You may come across vendors who's produce doesn't look great or they charge too much. That review should be for that individual vendor not this market as a whole. Many of the same vendors also are at other farmers markets in the area. For those taking off stars because the prices are too expensive, these are the prices you will pay across Lake County. I agree. I have been at markets in Wisconsin that are much more reasonably priced, but this is what you get in Lake County, Illinois.
Overall, this is a fine farmer's market with a good variety and selection of vendors. A couple of my favorites come here and having a Sunday market is convenient for me. Thank you Buffalo Grove. The most unfriendly farmers market I've ever been to. They dont allow dogs which is mind blowing since it is an outside market for crying out loud. We have a small dog about 7 pounds and we carry him in a doggie carrier most of the times. He was not allowed to enter the market. 
As far as produce goes..the place looks good when you first get there but its actually quite small. I bought tomatoes, cucumbers and peaches. Tomatoes were overripped and peaches too sour. 
I will not be going back..do yourself a favor and go to Libertyville's Farmers Mark that's held on Thursday in downtown Libertyville. Way better selection of produce and friendlier atmosphere all together. What the heck kind of farmer's market doesn't allow dogs? This kind. That should really tell you everything you need to know about it. The husband and I decided to venture out to the farmer's market yesterday their second week of being open for the season. They had all their usual vendors from fruit/veggie stands, meats, pet supplies, sweets, coffee, and other miscellaneous items from vendors. The moment we started pulling up to the farmer's market, I yelled out Toasty Cheese!! Yes, they were here for the first time I have seen at this event today. YAY!!!

First stop was the pet supply vendor for some grain free treats for our pup. We purchase these treats on a frequent basis during farmer's market season. A very reasonable price of 5 dollars gives you three generous bags of different flavors and shapes of treats your fur baby will love!

Next stop was Toasty Cheese food truck. How nice it was to not have to wait in a LONG line like at the food truck event in Schaumburg. I've been wanting to try their Hannah Banana dessert sandwich and although the item wasn't on the menu today the owner said he could make it for me. How nice was that?! The owner chatted with us and told us they may not do the food truck event again next month in Schaumburg due to the low turnout from the town of Schaumburg charging customers 5 dollars per person to just enter the event. We attend the Long Grove events for 5 dollars per person so it wouldn't be a problem for us to pay however it hits hard to the food truck business with lack of customers. My sandwich was served HOT and Fresh. This sandwich is deep fried filled with Nutella, banana, and marshmallow fluff. This sandwich was worth all the calories and other people at the event were coming up to me asking me what I was eating. A line was forming but nothing as crazy as the food truck event which was nice.

While I was eating the Hannah Banana sandwich my husband went to purchase some veggies. He purchased red/green peppers for 3 for 2.00, green beans and broccoli were 2 for 5. A total of 7 dollars for all the veggies. Not a bad deal for the amount we got. 

We'll be going back to the farmer's market soon especially with Toasty Cheese appearing here! I want to like this farmer's market so much because it is close to me and easy to get to, but alas, I cannot. It's a fairly small market and it's lacking in produce stands. I get that Farmer's Markets are also a great place to sell other specialty items but the vegetables are the main thing I'm looking for. Some of the vegetables looked sad and wilted already and I couldn't believe the prices they were still charging for them.  

I did buy some bratwurst from a meat vendor that was there and they had some good stuff available, but again it was pricey.  I understand that vendors need to charge more for their items but spending way more than I would at grocery store for the same items is a turn-off for me. Maybe I'm just spoiled because I used to visit farmers markets in Iowa (Iowa City and Dubuque) and both of those were quite spectacular with a wide array of options. 

The best thing about this market was the fresh squeezed lemonade I bought.  Thankfully the vendor offers $2.50 lifetime refills so I can buy something when I visit again. I'm giving this 2 stars because apparently dogs aren't allowed into the market.
Half the reason I go to farmer's markets is because it's a place where my dog and I can socialize with other pet owners. Us pet-lovers are good people! 

If you're not bothered by the dog thing, it's a nice-sized market with tons of parking.

This market had a good assortment of sellers, but you'd likely be able to catch them at a different farmer's market on another day. (I've actually seen many of the same sellers at the 2-3 markets I visit, so I'm really not making this up....)

I probably won't be back, I have my dog in the car with me most weekends. I wouldn't want to leave her in a hot car..... Wow!  I visited the BG Farmers' Market for the first time since the first season they were open this weekend, and boy was I impressed!

They have significantly grown in the number of vendors - and the produce!  All the produce!  We decided it would be best to do a lap to see what looked best and who had the best prices, and we ended up mixing/matching veggies from various locations (I will admit, the tomatoes looked better at some locations than others) and because my main squeeze came with me, I had more cash and more hands to buy more things!

We bought sweet corn, bell peppers and garlic from Geneva Lakes - 13 ears of sweet corn for $5.00 (or 50c a piece.  No brainer.)  This corn almost didn't even have to be cooked, it was so sweet and delicious.

We also got some great cheese from the Cheese People, and I can't wait to go back in two weeks (no market during BG days!) to pick up more.  A loaf of ciabatta from Katic breads that was devoured with the cheese within hours of getting home.  Beets from Horchers (picked the night before!) green beans and tomatoes from Madsen Farms.

A few steaks for dinner from Farm Fresh Foodstuffs (they were out of skirt steaks, booooo) 

HUGE portabellos and delicious creminis, as well as pickled mushrooms from River Valley Ranch.

I *think* that's everything.  I am a bit bummed that I waited so long to check this out, but you can bet I'll be a regular from now on - as long as we're living in the area! I've been going to this market since its debut.  As much as I want to like this market, it's nothing more than mediocre produce and other products being sold in the middle of a parking lot.  I went yesterday (7/14/2013) and there was only one vendor selling vegetables, which I may add were over priced and wilted.  Green beans were about $2/lb. while one cucumber was close to a dollar.  There's a vendor who sells wonderful meats (chicken, beef and pork). While I love the quality of their meat, as I've purchased from them in past years, I can't convince myself to pay $25 for a whole fryer.  If you've been exposed to coastal farmers markets you're going to see a huge difference between the quality, selection and price versus what our local little midwestern market offers.  We have less quality for twice the price. This is a nice little farmer's market in downtown Wauconda. There are a variety of vendors selling fruits and vegetables, meats, canned items, candy, shaved ice, as well as crafty items. The market is right in the heart of the downtown shopping area, so many of the area shops have sidewalk sales as well. The various vendor's pricing seemed to be in line and fair for what you'd expect for a farmer's market. Today I just came home with fruits and veggies but I'm looking forward to going back on a cooler day to browse some of the other items for sale! I've been to a number of Farmers Markets throughout Chicago and the surrounding suburbs. From the market in Daley Center to markets on the near west side, Lombard, Brookfield, Skokie, and now Riverside. While parking can be questionable at some locations the regular and handicap parking here seems plentiful within the the square and the entire area has both a true small town feel and also a big local park feel with trees and flowers. 

For an afternoon Farmers Market there was a full supply of vendors during each of my visits. Many have mentioned the knife sharpening and after I had a pair of scissors sharpened I'm also a believer. With many vendors offering multiple types of veggies and plants there is a lot to look at. While I didn't buy raw honey (not super processed or pasteurized so most people say it has better health benefits and and fuller flavor) here at Riverside yet, I expect to need some at the start of the next season. 

There are multiple Amish vendors and I was lucky to spend a while talking to one of the Amish families about their farm and some of their core values. I've worked directly with a few different Amish families in Illinois and Indiana and have found each to be an unique experience. If you have time to talk to some of them or buy your veggies or baked goods from them you'll love the experience. 

Some people I've spoken to treat a Farmers Market like a bartering flea market but I find the quality to be high and prices reasonable and don't think that it's appropriate to ask a farmer or baker to lower their price when they have put some high labor in to their products. Hard work should be rewarded. This Farmer's market is small but cute. There's a booth that sells wood fire pizza 12" for 10 bucks!  I didn't see any flower bouquets when I went in October but I did see an abundance of pumpkins and gourds.  I like that they have evening hours - open until 7:30pm. The smoothies were great!  Very small market, some baked goods, vegetables, etc.  
Got a strawberry rhubarb pie from Yoder bakery, mostly gel with a bit of fruit in it, not what
I expected at all....
Items a bit pricy... Love the Riverside Farmer's Market, can't wait to get back to it this year!  My kids are always excited to see which fruits and vegetables are in season.  We LOVE the pizza and fruit smoothies too.  The eggs are amazingly fresh.  I also love the variety of vendors that participate; it is definitely worth checking out!
My husband loves the knife sharpener, thought I should add that too! Unbeknownst to me, because I am, at times, rather absentminded, I dropped my phone at the market, somewhere between the tomatoes, the pickles, and the SENSATIONAL PEAR MELON. (Haven't cracked that baby open yet, so can't comment on the sensation.) I still didn't know this about two hours later (see previous comment re: mind; absent) until my husband received a text regarding a phone someone found. (Me: "Phone?" Digging through purse..."Uh...NOPE! Phone done gone!") Turns out the market manager's daughter was all tech savvy and was able to discern and contact my main peeps (or peep, as it were.) I got my phone back right quick. My husband did not get the manager's name, so I hope she reads this! Thank you and your daughter so much! Selection of fresh veggies and fruit, plants and flowers, fish & meat, gluten free baked goods, eggs, tasty pastries and breads, pickles and jams, pizza, fresh fruit smoothies, artisanal honey, locally made pottery, dips & salsas, and beeswax candles!  Worth checking-out on Wednesdays from 2:30pm - 7pm. A great market. Intimate setting, local foods, even pizza while you wait. Loved it. The first week for the market was amazing.  We joined the CSA so we picked up our first box of fresh veggies and eggs.  We also came home with gluten free pizzas cooked right there in a wood-fired oven, raw honey from a local beekeeper, a beeswax candle, a gluten free poppyseed loaf, gluten free chocolate chip cookies, and fresh fruit smoothies.  Next week we plan to bring our knives for sharpening (and lawn mower blade), and pick up some jam, mushrooms and herbed vinegar.  Can't wait - it's going to be a great season! Riverside's farmers' market rates high in my book.  Why even go to Oak Park and try and find parking, we have it all right here. Good mix of farmers vs. non farmers.  Love the homemade dog treat lady.  Really beautiful location.  Great programs every week. We are loving the Riverside Farmer's Market this year.  I've been able to purchase almost all my fresh produce this summer at this market. We especially love the Amish farmer's produce - the best broccoli, beautiful little brussle sprouts, and perfect tomatoes. I liked his tomatoes so much that I purchased a whole box and canned pasta sauce to keep this taste going through winter. The Raw kale chips, and toxin-free bug spray is a nice addition. There is enough variety to spend the evening and feed your family dinner at the market with pizza, fruit smoothies, and plenty of baked goods and hand crafted chocolates.  This has become a regular fun Wednesday afternoon stop for us. Great location for taking a hike along the river and getting great local foods.  Farm fresh eggs are a perfect addition! Great, friendly vendors and surprises every week!  My only issue is that I can;t get there until 5:30 or so and sometimes it seems like some of the vendors have already left.  Well worth a visit however! Pumpkins Galore offered fun and entertainment for the whole family! My husband enjoyed listening to the live band while sipping on a homemade root beer. My 18 month old daughter loved the roller slide, "train" ride and soy bean pool. It was a busy Sunday afternoon but we never had to wait in line for more than a couple minutes and there were tons of activates going on. We went the weekend before Halloween so all the pumpkins had been picked so be sure to go early if you want to pick your own. This place was okay. I went on a trip with my kids school. They have a couple swing sets. A plastic playground for toddlers that's pretty outdated. They have a huge sand box and a pool filled with corn. There were chickens and you can feed goats. That also have a hay ride. I would recommend this place for very early aged kids, not for bigger kids. The store they have sells honey, jam, bread and stuff like that. I think I saw some decorating things to buy. They also have a couple dogs and cats running around just an FYI! So much to do here with your family. Many of the activities are free of charge and they do not charge admission like some of the big name pumpkin patches. The food is sooo good. Come hungry. Try the fried pickles or deep fried Oreos. They also sell some great homemade canned items. I love their jams. Shooting the pumpkins out of the cannon is a must. Weekends they have live music that is wonderful. You can tell there is a great market manager behind a great market like this.
If you see her, say hi and tell her what a good job she does to make it a great place to go on Sundays. Her name is Pat and she is super tall and always active about the mkt. Just ask a vendor to point her out.

Opening day! Going to find out about their link matching program. I just adore this market so close in my neighborhood! Well organized. Great selection. Terrific people. Here are the dates for 2014 - 
June 8, & June 22 : 
July 13, & July 27 : 
Aug. 10, & Aug. 24 : 
Sept. 14, & Sept. 28 : 
Oct. 12, & Oct. 26 :
Belly Dance Show at 11:45am on 6/8 * 9/14 by Arabesque Dance & Fitness! The Independence Park Farmers' Market is awesome. Lots of organic produce to choose from, a local grass-fed beef farm that also offers organic chicken and great pork and lamb products, a Wisconsin organic farm offering a variety of salsas and jam, and homemade soaps! Just wish there was even more to choose from, but it's a great place to support local growers! Pretty good farmers market. They have all the fresh fruits and vegetables that you would expect. I bought olives, cornichons, and sundried tomatoes. Bought some puffed tofu. Bought a deer antler for my dog. Had a tamale and iced coffee with coffee ice cubes (awesome). Everything seemed a little pricy compared to other farmers markets I've been to, which is the only reason I give them 3 stars instead of 4. Lovely farmers market with great vendors friendly people, kids and dogs, Coffee, crepes, tamales, fruits, vegetables, pasta, honey, and much more. Kids craft table, blue grass jam, always something to enjoy. Definitely a step up from the farmer's market I usually frequent in North Center at Damen and Lincoln.

There were quite a few vendors selling everything from dog treats to cheese to produce to meats. I really enjoyed walking through the market.

I noticed there was a little craft center set up for children, which I thought was neat. They were making beaded necklaces, it appeared.

We ended up getting some of my favorite farmer's market cheese (apricot brie), a jar of hot habanero jelly from Katydids (which was the reason we went to the market in the first place), and a frozen pack of bangers for my husband.

We did have trouble parking though. A lot of the side streets around the park are no parking zones, and the two lots belonging to the park were full. Also, though there was great variety in goods offered, there was usually only one booth selling a certain item - so one booth selling cheese, one booth selling jelly. I would have liked to see more of a mix in the vendors.

Still a solid choice for a farmer's market on the north side. Obviously a little late in the year but whatever.

This farmer's market was a little slice of happiness every other weekend this summer. Yes, it's on the small side, but for a neighborhood market, it was pretty perfect. The park itself is a lovely venue and the layout of the market keeps everything spaced to the point that even with a crowd, it never feels too crowded. 

The vendors represent a decent assortment of fresh veggies, local baked goods, soaps, tea, etc. Oh! And the olive stand was a definite stand out! I may have also felt like a mushroom pimp for River Valley Ranch a time or two, but that's ok. 

This was a bright spot on my Sunday and I can't wait for next year. This is truly the epitome of what I feel a neighborhood market should be! Yes, this event keeps getting better every year. The Plapp Family organic flours and frozen meats are a standout. Fruit tarts (sold by a nun in an actual habit?!) are delicious; organic salsa is another favorite. 

Area musicians have made this an interesting folk music venue worth taking a look. Some are businesses have made it into the mix, including belly dancing, yoga, knife-sharpening & the Urban Worm Girl.

As a neighborhood guy it's always a pleasant place to encounter neighbors and get stocked-up on fresh veggies and fruit for the week. Ignore any reviews on this market from before the summer of 2009 -- this is truly an event that has come into its own recently. There's an excellent selection of produce, baked goods, even organic meats and ice cream. I highly recommend the sharpening and watch guy - I was leery of handing off my Wusthof to a guy in a tent, but he did an excellent job.

And you can't beat the vibe - the playground is packed, there's usually a string band, and you can get a smoothie and watch a softball game. And did I mention indoor bathrooms in the field house. God Bless Independence Park.

Dates for 2010 (alternates with the one in Portgage Park):

Jun 13, 2010 : Jun 27, 2010 : Jul 11, 2010 : Jul 25, 2010 : Aug 8, 2010
Aug 22, 2010 : Sep 12, 2010 : Sep 26, 2010 : Oct 10, 2010 Forget Green City and Logan Square markets --Check out Independence Park Market instead!

Since last year, the market has gotten bigger and better! There are a ton of vendors to shop at: Jeanette's Patisserie, Ruth & Phil's Gourmet Ice Cream, and other stands including handmade pasta, Nun's bakery that feeds the homeless,  Sweet corn etc etc. As well as free music!

The park is so beautiful and serene and well-kept too!

It's a joy to shop here! Here are the dates for 2009-
Dates:
Jun 14, 2009 : Jun 28, 2009 : Jul 12, 2009 : Jul 26, 2009 : Aug 9, 2009
Aug 23, 2009 : Sep 13, 2009 : Sep 27, 2009 : Oct 11, 2009

Hours:
9 am - 1 pm I'm not sure when One Sister, Inc. started coming with her pirogi, but they are awesome. 

My wife and I get the waffles or tamales every time for brunch (depending on if we're in the mood for sweet or savory).

It may be small, but it used to be even smaller, and it only seems to be growing now. The more people that continue to come, the more vendors will come, too. It only makes sense. Sure, you can't get everything you need there, but you can get a lot of diverse foods and support local growers and suppliers!

Plenty of street parking on Hamlin and down on Byron too! This farmer's market seemed even smaller than Logan Square's. We arrived around 12:30pm, and there were hardly any booths. Maybe some vendors had already packed up, but I would have liked to see more produce. There were other stands with baked goods, kettle corn, candles, etc.

Non-vegans might like the gourmet doughnut stand. One of last week's flavours was maple bacon. My children woke me up at 8:40 a.m. this past Sunday morning to attend the first Independence Park Farmer's Market of the season. The market, which opens at 9 a.m. and runs until approximately 1 p.m., is a huge hit with my three children. I like it, too, and have been pleased to see it grow from one actual farmer and three products' vendors clustered on the sidewalk in 2007 (2006?) to the moderately sized market it is in 2011. 

For my fellow farmers' market fans, I would say that the Independence Park Farmers' Market compares in size to those found on Tuesday mornings in Lincoln Square or in front of the MCA/Seneca Park. The elements are similar and, in some cases, the vendors are the same: Delightful Pastries, Marilyn's Pies and the Knife Sharpening by Dave are regulars to the Independence Park Farmers' Market. I am hopeful that the Wisconsin organics farm returns for a second year at Independence Park, although there are several farmers from the south suburbs and Berrien County, Michigan that bring some lovely fruit and vegetables. Although I didn't buy any of the flowers, the 60618 fresh-cut flower vendor had some gorgeous, locally grown stuff. One of these days, I am going to get a worm bin from the Urban Worm Girl. Otherwise, our family's must-visits outside of the farmers include Stivers Coffee, pain au chocolat from the French nun, Delightful Pastries and yummy soap from Big City Suds.

This has become the Sunday morning destination for the West Walker/Independence Park/Old Irving Park set. The playground is crowded with parents and toddlers while older kids go zipping around the track on bikes and scooters. Even the tacit tension between neighborhood DINKs and parents is at bay during the Independence Park Farmers' Market. This is our first summer in the neighborhood, and I am really glad this farmers market is a community resource.  Fair selection of produce, but this farmers market has a lot of baked goods, cheeses, organic doggie treats, fresh noodles, organic meats and even ice cream and crepes!  Today there was a group of belly dancers performing, a string band and free yoga classes.  I love taking our dog here and chatting with neighborhood folks, everyone is really friendly.  In the future, I'd like to see even more produce offerings for a higher rating on my end, but to me, this farmers market is "A-OK" as is.  :) This farmers market keeps on getting better and better.  Last year it was quite small and we opted for the larger Logan Square market instead even though we live in the neighborhood.  This year this market is twice as big and the selection 10 times better.  Logan Square is getting really crowded lately and we're trying to go to the Independence Park market more and more.  The produce is fab and there are some great unique vendors - like the coffee stand, waffle booth, and the knife sharpener (!) I'm very happy that the market is much improved this year with more vendors and better produce! I skipped last year's market because I was disappointed by the lack of farmers. But I won't miss it this year. 

At our last visit we had our knives sharpened, picked up some yummy sunflower/rye bread, delicious berries, bok  choy, ramps, broccoli and asparagus from a sustainable farmer. YUM!

A beautiful setting in a charming and historic park. There is nothing that makes me happier than having a Farmers Market about 100 yards from my front door. I recently moved to Printer's Row and when I found out that this was part of the deal every Saturday, I was over the moon. 

Although this is not a huge Farmers Market, it still meets all your needs. There are about 4-5 produce tables, 1 for flowers, 1 for cheese, 2 bakeries, and 1 for dog treats (which is kind of random but I am also not a pooch owner so I'm not their target audience and the rest of my neighbors love it). 

All of the farmers are so incredibly nice and always give me helpful tips on how to keep everything fresh and delicious. The only bad side? It is only open for a few months of the year and I am dreading the first Saturday I wake up and there are no farmers to go visit and I have to start giving more of my money to grocery stores. 

Love, love, love it!! I wish this market was a little larger and had more variety.  In addition, the veggies are not organic which is a disappointment.  While I'm all for supporting local farmers, I don't think the prices are that great for non-organic produce.  Nonetheless it ads charm to the neighborhood. I like the park, because I live few blocks away from it. But when I realized that on the week-end there's also a farmers market there, I was really happy. We don't have a lot of grocery stores around our building: it takes around 15 minutes to go to Jewel or Whole Foods, and it's usually hard to do it with the crib, when the weather is way too hot. And this farmers market just saves my time. On the way to our playground in Roosevelt park I buy some fresh fruits and vegetables - not very expensive, by the way. The farmers market in Printer's Row is small, but good.  The vendors are all really friendly and the produce is great.  Plus, the market is in a cute little park right in the heart of Printer's Row with plenty of spaces to sit and relax to the soothing sounds of the fountain. I know I'm in the minority 'round these parts but I actually prefer the Villa Park French Market (not sure why it says Farmers here) over Lombard's slightly bigger market held on Saturdays. Slightly less variety, sure, but a lot less hipsters and snooty upper middle-class types with way more charm and live music! 

The selection is best if you go in the early morning around 8:30 or 9am but if you go later - usually after 11:30 - they start discounting off items or offering buy one, get one free in order to sell off all items before the market ends. In my experience, almost everything that Hahn's Bakery tends to sell (usually, as mentioned, B1G1 later in the morning) freezes beautifully so it makes it easy to stock up on freshly baked breads and muffins. There is another vendor from Michigan that always has the best apples in several varieties including the much revered Honeycrisp later in the season. 

It is located right off the Prairie Path at Ardmore and Park and there are several bike racks nearby and parking is available at the lot across the street. The market is also dog-friendly and there are usually several leashed pups walking around at any given time so if you're allergic or (GASP!) just not a fan, keep that in mind. CLOSED.
Went there this morning and no one was there. No signage, no vendors - nothing. Checked  their website when I got back home and found this posted...
"Due to a lack of vendor interest, the French Market is canceled until further notice.* This Farmer's Market is TINY, but has the important staples the folks visit farmer's market for. Every Sunday 8am to 1pm from April to October you can visit this small little market. It's right off the Prairie Path so it's a nice stop before or after a morning workout or walk along the Path. 

The vendors are friendly and chatty; I've never met a surly vendor here. They vendors are usually from Illinois, Wisconsin or Michigan. As I mentioned, it has the staples--Sweet Corn (Mirai corn, the BEST sweet corn I have ever tasted), berries, veggies (whatever is in season), fresh bread, pretty flowers, antiobiotic/hormone free meat, cheeses, pickles, salsa, doggie treats. It's a nice little stop during Farmers Market season. Lovely little market. The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is that it is just that - little. However, since it is smaller than others (Wheaton), it's not nearly as overwhelming and crowded.  The merchants who are there are very kind and friendly. They'll give you baking ideas, storage tips, and just in general provide great customer service. There's live music and you can find local fruits, veggies, crafts, honey, bread, fresh drinks, etc.  It's also open to dogs and right along the prairie path so it's easy to reach by walking. I love this place.  It's one of the best things about Naperville. I buy all my vegetables here, and take a big bag to work to make salad at lunch. I can't even count the number of times people will comment on how delicious it smells--salad! --because everything is fresh and at its peak.  One person asked me why I don't get tired of it every day.  But when produce is this fresh, you crave it.  The tomatoes are the high point of the  season for me.  Juicy, silky, sweet-- I look forward to them all year.  Last night I had a chopped tomato over burrata with fresh basil, olive oil, salt and pepper-- heaven.  Mayneland is a treasure and I hope the community supports it to the fullest. I grow many things but my garden space isn't big enough to grow all of the things I want. So I both garden and use a business worthy of my money. 

Mayneland has been in business for generations. A small local business who gives so much to the community. Their produce is minimally treated and picked fresh and ripe every day. It's not picked "under ripened" and then driven across America in a gas guzzling semi. And best of all, they donate the unsold produce at the end of each business day to "Loaves and Fishes"!  Why wouldn't you want to support a local business who does so much for our community? 

Bring cash or check. Actually, just bring your checkbook; you might see all of the produce and not want to have to keep it below your cash on hand. 

I am making vegetable soup tonight and every vegetable was still growing as of this morning! Knowing that brings a whole added level to the words "comfort food". OMG! Where have you been all my life!  My husband stopped on his way home from work and picked up strawberries and asparagus. I haven't eaten strawberries in years because the ones at the stores just have no flavor.  These actually taste like strawberries!!!! Ate them all in a day.  Will be going back to get more. And the asparagus was huge! And delicious as well! You have to go!! We will never go back to the stores again! Family owned and operated, MayneLand Farm is in Naperville.  They have a bountiful selection of the freshest veggies and fruit; absolutely the most gorgeous tomatoes!  I like red onion on a burger or in a salad, but seldom buy because stores usualy just have huge bulbs and I have no use for more than a slice or two.  Their stand has large and small Red onions..they had purselane and dandelion greens and several varieties of lettuce...and as I was leaving I was invited to sample a wedge of melon.  When you go, take cash....or a check.  Was easy to find (between Diehl and Ogden, just off Washington)  Be sure to like their FB page: https://www.facebook.com/MaynelandFarm/ and learn about them on the web http://www.maynelandfarm.com/ So close! I can't believe this is so conveniently located on my way home from work!! Cute little farm to hold you over during the week in between Saturday Farmer's markets!

They have fresh veggies and fruit and strawberries that actually taste like strawberry! They also have raw honey.

Definitely on my list. Hours are a little bit spotty and its not super cheap but the bratwursts are going to destroy anything you have ever purchased at a Wal-Mart/Target. The steaks and hamburgers are very lean and better too, but again the brats are the real deal and main reason to come here. 

Everything out there is frozen, which some people wont like. However they dont use preservatives, MSG, colors, artificial junk etc.  ( which is a big thank you to the processing plant in Carlyle more than those who actually grow the livestock). All the other processor of meats around Highland, ( Korte, Grantfork, the one in Albers, etc. )will add all kinds of crazy stuff (especially to pork, just read the labels if you are brave). 

Anyways, Im rambling now but this is a great place to find meats locally from healthy livestock you can see roaming around on the grounds. If only there was a similar place for Chicken and Turkey. After noticing my interest in his strangely beautiful mushroom display at a Waukesha county farmer's market Rick welcomed me to his booth and told me about River Valley Kitchens. He empathized with my fear of unknown fungi and walked me through their production based on organic tenets.

The portabellas I took home resulted in such a delicious soup and omelette I took home twice as many the next weekend. I  eagerly await morels and other wild mushrooms in spring. River Valley is a premium grower ("using organic tenets, but not organic certified") of portabella, crimini (aka baby bella), white button, shiitake and oyster mushrooms.  They are at the Milwaukee County Winter Farmer's Market every Saturday.  Not only do they have the fresh mushrooms, but they have preserved (dried, pickled) mushrooms as well as portabella chili, mushroom stock, granola, and other preserves.  The mushrooms are superb, and they have lots of good recipes to go with these as well.  The only reason I give them four stars rather than five is the fact they don't take charge cards at the MCWFM.  The price can get fairly high with some of these items, and this is a lot of cash to carry. i've never been to the river valley kitchens location in burlington, but i see them every wednesday at the andersonville farmers' market in chicago.  this is a decently-sized market, but i would come just for river valley kitchens' granola any day.  it's absolutely hands down the best granola i've ever had.  5 stars because all the flavors are delicious, the price is right, the ingredients are above average, they're always available, and the staff running the booth have without fail been cheery and helpful.  

so, river valley kitchens, if you ever read this, please pleeeeeease list your granola on the website store....winter is a very long, dark time to wait for the market. :)

oh right, they also have amazing mushrooms, sauces and whatnot, but it takes me about 30 seconds to blow through $30 at andersonville, and by the time i get visions of cheeses, fruits, nice cream, bread, corn, and granola out of my head and into my bag, i've spent it all. This is the information provided that I could find, "Open air market, very visible on the corner of Ridge & Grant Street in downtown Lansing, IL near the clock tower. A variety of market items are sold including but not limited to produce, eggs, jams, labriola breads, baked goods, and homemade dog treats. Dinners/cooked food items are available for purchase each week, providing an opportunity for our shoppers and vendors to purchase dinner while at the market. A local restaurant is featured on the second Wednesday of each month and craft vendors are featured on the first Wednesday of each month."

In our experience there are lots of great fresh veggies, amazing cheese, great breads, and a variety of other foods and drinks. There are also beautiful and inexpensive crafts. It's a very friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Our little one was in heaven and that is ALWAYS a plus for us!! The produce I've been getting here this summer has been better than anything I've found in the stores.  I love the longhorn tenderloin and cage-free chicken and eggs that I've gotten from the vendors.  The Market also has artisans peddling jewelry, chopping boards, dog treats, etc. that you won't find elsewhere.  

It seems like everyone who owns a dog comes to the Market with their dog(s).  So if you have a dog that likes shopping and being pet by strangers, bring it along.  Lots of the vendors have bowls of water set out for the four-legged Market patrons. This market is perfect. They've got beautiful produce. Locally grown meat. And artists abound. Fresh pastry. Jams. Even resale items!  If you have a dog bring it here !!  Plenty of socializing opportunities. Be here. Saturday's. I really love that Edwardsville has a weekly Farmer's Market from May to October.  There is such a variety of local products and services at the market and everybody is friendly.  I have gotten everything from delicious chocolates to homemade jewelry from the market.  It is a great place.  The only downfall is that I wish it could happen year around and they had an indoor place like the Soulard Market. If you are an E'villian, this is a place to see and be seen on Saturday morn (we ran into EIGHT sets of friends); if you want to shop incognito, then wear sunglasses, pull down a ballcap real low, and walk briskly. But seriously, how can you NOT be a fan? There's fresh local produce, just-out-of-the oven baked goods, organic low-fat meats from area farms, convenient free parking, live music, and plenty of options for good coffee and/or a meal on Main St. before or after shopping. Today, in addition to produce, we picked up some smoky links and artisan cheese from Backyard Beef (http://www.backyardbeef.com/), and brats and beef from Wenneman Meat Co. (http://www.wenneman.com/). "Queen's Scones" was out of gluten-free by 9:30 a.m., but we were able to get on an e-mail list for the next batch. We even saw a local restaurateur picking out veggies. If it's good enough for the best dining establishment in town, then I want to shop there, too. This is a really cute farm to have in the suburbs and ideal for (supervised) children. There's not a WHOLE lot to see, but if you're with a kid who loves animals, it's fantastic. There are cows, horses, occasional pigs and lambs, chickens, and a roaming cat. If you go in the summer, you can tour the historic farm house and have some Homer's Ice Cream in the museum area. Are the kids going stir crazy at home? Are they driving you crazy? There's a solution for that! Wagner Farm is a hidden gem in Glenview that has free parking and admission.

There are horses, pigs, sheep, chickens, cows, and more to see up close. There isn't an abundance of animals on the farm, but it's plenty to get that farm experience right in the burbs.

You'll also see that there are community farming plots being tended to with vegetables and fruit being grown by members of the community.

If you have young kids, there is an indoor play area that allows kids to play in a small silo, chalk up a cow, play make believe with toy chicken eggs, and more.

Still not enough to convince you? How about ice cream, sundaes, floats, and milk shakes? Yup, they have just the thing to cool you down in the summer.

There are plenty of benches, tables, and grass to have a small picnic or just run around. It's so nice that something like this is free and open to the public in the burbs. Definitely a great place to take the family or just walk around and soak in the sun and animals. It's awesome farm love the place with beautiful animals just white horses keep attack new black horses sad to see it you can see marks on horses by the bites I know all animals are territorial but these horses need protection Fun and educational place to take little ones. It's a small farm that consist of horses, cows, chickens, pigs and sheep. There are also some friendly cats that roam the grounds. 

There are plenty of picnic tables ( kid size) to pack a lunch and enjoy nature and the animals around you. There's plenty of parking And the entrance is free. This place is a hidden gem. I take my LO here regularly and mommy is happy to save mommy while my LO has fun and learns at the same time. 

Inside the museum kids can pretend to gather eggs from chickens and milk a fake cow. There is also colored chalk to draw on the fake cow a carriage and little stores that show the old price of produce. If you go around closing time 4:30ish you can even see a cow get milked. Kids of different ages will enjoy this place and did I mention it's all free?

Update: There is now a ice cream shop inside the museum. A nice place to take the kids after visiting all the animals. Prices are reasonable and it's pretty good! Decided to check this place out on a Saturday morning since the kids had nothing to do.  They ended up really liking it!
It kind of felt like we were back in Wisconsin! It wasn't as busy or crowded like the regular zoo's either so thats a plus.

Yes there aren't too many animals here, but it's still quite nice. It would take about 2 full hours to explore everything around here and play in the tiny museum. 

The best part is the spacious parking lot, and you don't have to pay a dime for admissions completely free! This place is awesome to take the kids I was very impressed and the best part is that it's FREE.... They have a mini museum on the inside where your kids can learn how to gather the eggs and check if they are fertile or an egg for eating. It's very interactive they can actually gather toy eggs and put them under light to see if there's a baby inside. There is an interactive hay lift where your child can practice lifting the hay on a pulley system. Also and old fashion grocery store so they can see what it was like back in the day. They also have an old fashion little ice cream parlor where they make there own homemade ice cream and it's delicious and very reasonable priced. They can learn how a cow is milked. A couple of other things is that they have a old house with all its original glory that you can tour. On the outside you can just walk around and enjoy the farm and check out all the animals unfortunately we went when the animals were at the state fair so we only got to see the chickens and two of their horses but it was still so fun for my daughter she had a blast. Highly recommend just let the kids get out and enjoy the fresh air and experience farm life!! I researched online before bringing my family out. I wished there was a map or "you are here" board, so we could know where we were allowed to go or what there was to see. We saw chickens, and walked out back to see horses but no one ever explained or approached us. So we guessed what we could do. One house to the north looked like some people went inside? But we weren't sure what that was. The kids did like seeing the cows, pumpkins, and chickens. Overall it was maybe 20 minutes of things to see/do. We've visited Wagner Farms before, but this last visit was awful. On three separate incidents the staff was overtly rude. One snapped at my daughter for playing with farm equipment which had no sign to keep off, another rolled her eyes and snapped as I was trying to take a picture of my family because I guess they didn't like where I was standing. Lastly, two staff members were visibly annoyed that my son was standing in their way on a sidewalk. If your staff hates/finds children and tourist annoying, then maybe they shouldn't be working in a place where the public is invited to visit. 
The place is otherwise good for small children and conveniently close to the city. Just steer clear of the staff members. I really, really like this place. I don't really have much to say, because they're all pros! Free admission/parking...great! Not busy most during the days! But my favorite part was that me and the baby got to walk right up to the pigs/lambs and just observe them! My son was enamored with these creatures! And it's great because he got a lot of personal time with these animals and an upfront and personal experience with them, which I don't feel like you get at the zoo. 

Great place! We'll be back! Today was a perfect spring day.  Mid/late April, sun shining, low wind, temps around 70.  Doesn't get much better than that!  We had driven by Wagner Farms many times before but always on our way somewhere or going home from something.  Today, we made it our priority to stop and walk around.

Our little girl loves animals (what little kid doesn't?), however, she got pretty scared from the cows!  Not sure what it was, maybe she wasn't ready for how loud it would "moo!"  She was able to get pretty close to pigs, lambs, cows, and chickens.   The horses were off in the distance in their fields but she still liked pointing at them!

Inside Wagner Farms is a teacher's dream...all of the information about farms you can dream of!  Kids can pick "eggs" out of a chicken coop and organize them into egg cartons.  They can climb a mini silo and learn about about silage.  But best of all, they can "milk" a fake cow.  

There is a little gift shop inside the main barn too which has souvenirs and snacks.  Overall, this was good for a one time visit.  I don't think we will come back, but it was great to visit and see a lot of those animals close up.

For the basic information: there is parking right across the street, it's at the corner of Wagner and Lake on the edge of Glenview/Wilmette, and you can't go into the fields where the animals are grazing (for obvious reasons).  So, you just have to hope that the animals are somewhat close to the fences if you want to see how big they really are! Nice place to bring little kids to see the tractors and animals. I have also been to the farmers market and they have a nice selection of vendors. Nice place for kids to see animals and burn off a little energy.  Stopped by after hitting up Kohl's and being told there was no onsite parking (spring break and rain storm).   Place is well kept and animals seem healthy.   My boy was entertained for north of an hour.   Lots of parking and can't beat the price (free).    Not a destination but recommend if in area for kids.  Note:  Definitely check out the kids exhibits in the barn.   My boy loved the hands on stuff and it is well maintained. My 1 1/2 yr old is so not a fan of Wagner Farm.  He takes one look towards the cows and horses (or perhaps a sniff) and breaks out into hysterics. I have to admit I don't blame him...the animals are smelly!

My 3 1/2 yr old, on the other hand, thinks this place is great....and loves getting a glimpse at the cows, horses, chickens and more.  However, I think she enjoys the activities inside "museum" even more than the outside, which is good because her little brother is happy in there.

And (of course) they like the ice cream parlor inside even more. After a morning with a bunch of smelly animals, some activities inside and scoop of Homer's ice cream...I've got one happy (and smelly) little girl.

We did check out the annual dairy breakfast* this past weekend. It appears to be a great fundraiser for the fair, but we were less than impressed with the long lines (especially for mediocre food) and there aren't many more activities than a typical day. Next time we'll stick to the regular hours where there is no charge and less crowds.  And perhaps we'll leave the 1 1/2 yr old at home.

* http://www.glenviewparks.org/event/12th-annual-dairy-breakfast/ Love this place as a Farm.  We recently had a birthday party here for my daughter and the staff was ok but very strict with everything.  They said they couldn't bring in a few extra chairs into the room because it wasn't in our contract.  Very by the book which was a bit frustrating.  Overall, room was fine, party went well which is all that matters.

Kids LOVE this place.  Well maintained. Great place for kids.Cows ,pigs ,horses,tractors you can make a pictures .Inside the building couple attraction like collect eggs from chicken to the basket .My son is four years old and he love it .What I like also say it's for free you don't buy any ticket and you have big parking lot on other side of street .Every Saturday is farmer market  from 8am to 12 I never was and I need to try this to . Today we have "Field Trip" and visited Wagner's farm. The weather was nice and everybody was interested in something not so luxurious and  fancy... We all are international students and everything is new for us. The place smells like it supposed to smell... village...
Basically the place is better for kids than for adults, but was interesting anyway.
The museum is about 8 years but it is equipped with many ancient things. It has great little store, where you are able to buy something funny just for memory. The lady at the museum was so friendly. We stuck a conversation and she was happy to see adult visitors too.
The most amazing for me was the kind of carpet on the wall and below many tiny sewing machines. 
Except cows and horses you can see the little place, where various  of organic apples and pumpkins are available for funny prices.                     
If you feel tired of everyday life, full of stress and emotionally tired of city life, take a little pleasant trip and have fresh air and fun! I can't imagine how anyone would give Wagner Farm less than five stars.  It is true that it is not an all day activity, more like two or three hours at most, but that is perfect when you are trying to entertain little kids that need naps.

My kids love everything here.  We say hi to the animals, eat our lunch from home at the picnic tables, sit on the big tractors, go to the kid's museum in the Heritage Center to play for a little while, and then end the day with some ice-cream from the old fashioned ice cream parlor. My kids hang up a picture there every time.

There is also a really interesting farm house museum that is decorated to be like it was one hundred years ago.  This is right up my alley, and I like to go in when I can, but my children are still too young to appreciate this exhibit. They will be ready in a couple of years.

Thanks Wagner Farm. We will visit you often! I have only been here one time. The first thing I see is muddy teenage girls walking sheep like dogs, good sign. Music, good mix of shop and non-shop vendors, I.e. get your Foodstuff goods and also buy from Farmer Harold. Good looking veges and produce. Prices are reasonable but no steal deals that I noticed. 
Fair deal on summer sausage to be had. 
Bring your trash shoes or rubbers because it can be pretty muddy to walk around. 
There is parking for the market, and spill over parking at the Greek Orthodox church lot. The street the market is on can be pretty busy so be careful. They do provide a crossing guard for safety. I have a sort of love-hate relationship with this Farmers Market. I've been coming here for about 3 years and rarely miss a Saturday. But, as others have noted, the prices tend to be a bit high. There's always a seller with a flea market type table (as was also mentioned previously) that just doesn't seem to fit in with the rest of the market. They claim to be sold out of vendor space every year, but folks... This is a farmers market and not a flea market. I would much rather see another food vendor in place of the bric a brac being sold. Parking is a bit difficult some of the time and I always feel like we're intruding on the Church's generosity (especially the other week when there was a funeral at the church while the farmer's market was going on).

That all said, this is one of the few Farmers Markets that accept LINK (food stamps). Not only that you get double value up to $25. So, every week I spend $25 on our LINK card and get $50 in funny money/wooden nickels. Some of the vendors seem to be less than pleased with taking the LINK tokens, but most are happy that you're there purchasing from them (even if it's with wooden nickels). Also, I am disabled and it seems as though the LINK terminal only works about 3/4 of the time and having to trek back and forth across the (busy) road is trying during the heat of the summer.

If you do go, definitely check out Miller Farms. Best produce around. But one has to wonder where some of the other vendors get their products. I've seen more than a few items with grocery store-type PLU labels on the produce and I'm sure they don't grow those labels naturally. Also, the meat vendor gets a bit testy if you ask about the provenance of their meat. What exactly is "grain fed" beef? Inquiring minds want to know. My kids love coming to Wagner Farm and seeing the cows, chickens, pigs, and horses as well as playing inside the barn area. Personally, i dont really "get" the appeal (its super smelly!) but im also not 3 lol. Its an easy way to kill an hour or so and like i said my kids adore coming here so I'm happy to oblige them :) was at farmer's market today around Bartlett area, purchase some ground beef with buffalo flavor, and some organic eggs.
the guy was very friendly and nice, and did answer most of my questions about buying 1/2 or 1/4 of a cow.
but their site is not working, couldn't check more informations on it, hopefully it will be up soon. The Creve Coeur Farmers Market ("CCFM") is relatively new and in the Westgate Shopping Center; the same plaza that holds TGI Friday's, La Bonne Bouchee and Edgewild Bistro & Tap.

Thus far I have attended CCFM twice and there has not been much available that I would purchase. On the last trip in particular, there was only one real Farmer that was there; he had chickens, fresh fruits, corn and the like. Another vendor had organic plants especially some organic heirloom tomato plants. Other than that everything else was soaps, jams, Creve Coeur support merchandise and items made by children to support their activities. No one had card-readers, or at least the three vendors I wanted to purchase from (thank the heavens I had at least $20 on me). At the support Creve Coeur court booth they wanted people to write down their credit card number and they would run them later. That is a NO-NO and a security/privacy issue waiting to happen. I know the new thing is for every municipality to have a farmers market (that concept is like all the police departments in St. Louis County - it's too much and has intrinsic inefficiencies). Another reason I think Creve Coeur may have a hard time getting this market off is that there are six grocery stores within a mile and there are so many other great farmers markets that have been established. 

Hopefully as the weeks go on CCFM will build up and have more vendors and card-readers. This is a very large parking lot and there's certainly room to grow. They will need more than jams, one farmer and frozen slushes to bring people out. I've been here twice and it seems hit or miss. The first time there we saw about half a dozen actual farmers, selling produce that was pretty nice and we got some great veggies. There was also a stall selling fresh baked cookies that was good. A few people were selling hot food, from hot dogs to chicken curry. Other stalls were arts and crafts (soap, kids clothes, jewelry) and didn't really catch my interest. 

We went a second time just today, and there were even less farmers selling goods. Only saw 2 selling produce, and 2 stalls selling cuts of meat and eggs (the eggs were completely sold out and a regular told me they were really good hence their popularity). We got some smoked ham hocks and some really tasty chicken curry. 

Most of the rest were arts and crafts stuff that again, weren't what I came to buy. I guess you really have to come during peak seasons to get more selection. Very few vendors with food. A lot of art and crafts and windmills. Not worth the trip. Best place to get free range organic-fed chickens. Pam and Bill take such great pride in raising the chickens, and their organic produce.  It is great to find a farm nearby that cares about the food they grow. I love stopping by here to pick up fresh vegetables and eggs when they are in season. I would give it five stars, except it is a bit pricier than the other cage free eggs and organic produce around.  Still, well worth a trip! My go to place for cage free eggs.  They mainly sell eggs and vegetables (seasonal) from their farm.  There's a gazebo right when you turn onto their property with two coolers inside that contain what's available at the moment with a money drop box.  Its nice to have a nearby place that sells locally-grown perishables. This is a pleasingly robust market...but it is a stretch to call it a farmers market.  I counted only three farm vendors, but their quality and variety are strong enough that you should find top-notch wares to suit almost all needs.

The bread and butter of this market is really specialty foods:  wine; olive oil; cheese; chocolates; eggs; meat, poultry, and fish; loose-leaf tea; jams & jellies; salsa; kettle corn and flavored popcorn; and of course bakeries, bakeries, bakeries.  One specializes in Amish sweets; another in bagels; another in artisanal breads; and another (natch) in dog treats.  A couple of others are more general.

Prepared foods is a little weak, so don't count on eating breakfast or lunch here unless you want tamales, or soups, wraps, or veggie burgers from an outfit called Organic Eating Well.

Oh yeah, and there is a knife sharpener so that you can slice up all of the goodies that you take home.

A weekday morning market is rare, but I sure appreciated discovering this one.  I found easy street parking on the same block as the market. It has taken me years to get here, but I finally made it, and it was well worth the wait. Hosted every Wednesdy 4-8pm thru summer and fall, on the parking lot of Ravenswood Covenant Church, which also runs a daycare on the premise. There are regular weekly vendors, including Hilary's cookies, organic vegetable farmers, a taco/tamale stand, Tamales Express, that sells mangos on sticks, as well as two rotating food trucks. Additional draws are the terrific kids' activities, including a concert, the bouncey house, various activity stations such as baby sensory tents, rock painting, sandbox, water toys, and more. After 6pm the playground opens. We basically love the organizers and have become regulars over the course of this summer/fall. I grew up in Chicago, and lived here a good portion of my life, but finally, have gotten to a point where it feels like I have a neighborhood in Chicago. Can't wait for next year. It's the best market I've been to in the Tri-City area.  The vendors are from sustainable sources.  There's amazing produce.  There's a cheese guy.  There's a local meat guy.  There's great bread.  What more can you ask for??  If you love quality ingredients, go here every Thursday when in season (June-October).  Also, friendly people run the market.  (It's located on the west side of the river, just north of rt. 38) The best farmer's Market around!

Lets just put it this way...I live in Andersonville. and I drive allllll the way to this one.  Why you ask?  Because they have everything.  Great selection, friendly people, the cheese people, meats, amazing pastries, beautiful flowers.

Seriously, this is a great market....so much to choose from! They have relocated to Winnetka due to construction and now it's even more limited than before.  Nice people and good produce, just smaller with less variety than previously. I know this market is just about to open so my review is about the market during the 2017 season.
I had to write this having read reviews about how people come from all over to come to this market. No two ways about it, this is the most sorry excuse for a farmer's market. Wilmette French Market is no better. Nothing fresh. All pretty bad. You are better off at Whole Foods. Seriously. This market is a quick one to navigate - must do's - falafel tent, and the cheese guys. 
Lots of parking available. Most of the vendors are local shops that represent, but there are a few non-shop vendors to be had. 
Latest find - the hippy wheat girls from wisconsin - reasonably priced goods - will let you know how that turns out. Went here to check out if things are cheaper here versus a supermarket. By the time I arrived around 11:30am, I think most of the kind of stands I was looking for were gone. I was looking for produce and meats. There were 2 left that were selling strawberries, asparagus, and meats. It was such a hot day, almost 90 degrees outside, I didn't see how the strawberries and asparagus were ok in that weather? The meats were in the trailer kept frozen. But anyway I ended up just getting breakfast sausage for 7.99 which is pretty pricey. The other meats were like if you bought food from Whole Foods or organic aisles in terms of price. I do not shop at those places often due to price.

I will come back earlier next time and see what the other stands have.

My 2 year old son had fun because he could run around in open grassland.

Parking is actual asphalt since they probably use New Trier high school's parking lot? I thought I may have to park on grass or something originally but nope. I went very early in the summer and at the time was not all that impressed.  This is definitely open to be re-reviewed.  At the time they had no produce.  What farmers market doesn't have produce.  Canned goods selling BBQ Sauce and Marinara were there, Pizzas made to order, fresh flowers, popcorn and mushrooms.  I would like to go back to give it a second chance. I can't imagine a farmers market not having fresh produce. 

I wanted to leave in what I wrote earlier.  I returned to the Northfield Farmer's market Labor Day weekend and it was a big improvement.  Earlier in the summer, they only had about six or seven booths and none had produce.  Upon further review we have a reversal. One of the stands was about the size of three and had a great selection.  veggies, fruit (including melons), hot peppers, and even homegrown popcorn.  Definitely an upgrade over earlier in the summer. 

Date:
 Every Saturday rain or shine
 
Months:
 June 3 through October 28, 2006 LOVE IT!

Lafayette is, in my opinion, very lucky to have a store of this nature. Not only will you find foods (like their greet olive bar) that you won't find elsewhere, but you'll also find fresh produce and a GREAT selection of meat and fish. Sure, you might find something similar at Payless and pay slightly less, but to me, the quality and selection make a trip to this store worthwhile. I've always received friendly, helpful service here, and was surprised at another review that spoke otherwise. I often purchase sourdough bread (which you won't find at Payless) and when I ask them to slice it they are always very willing to accommodate my request. As well, they have a better selection of wines that any of the other grocery stores. All in all, I am very satisfied and glad that they chose Lafayette for a location. Great little store for the area. The deli features fresh sandwiches and pizza, along with soups. Great place to catch a quick bite. They have a good selection of fresh fruits and vegetables and keep it stocked. In comparison, the Payless on Maple Grove by the mall looks picked over most of the time and not stocked.

As this is a smaller market, this store does not have the selection of fresh baked breads that some other locations have. Watch for sales, there can be great bargains made here. Nice store with a lot of organics. Better supply of organic meat than I'm use too.  Fresh clean veggies nice variety.  I am happy to find this store and will buy all organic meats and veggies here as well as other organic food products. They have a nice spice section with bulks. Honey and olive oils good supply. Does not deserve to be called a farmers market. 
Biggest dislike: "Farmers market" is in the name, but not anywhere in the store can I find food that is local or the source of the food is available to the customers. 
I've asked which milk is local more than once, and no one can give me an answer. Same thing for the meat. 
I've never been extraordinarily impressed by the produce section. The chicken never looks fresh. 
Best store around, but certainly not the best I've ever been to. I JUST WANT LOCAL FRUITS AND VEGGIES. Why ship in things from far away, like strawberries, when they can be purchased locally?

Pros: Fresh squeezed juice. But for some reason this store hasn't caught on that every single Sunday they sell out by 3 in the afternoon. 

New to the area so I am slowly making connections with farmers to get my meat, milk, and other produce from them. Once I do I probably won't come here for much Lafayette is lucky to have a store like this. There is a great selection of deli foods, produce, and other groceries. It is possible to get some good deals here if you watch for their weekly ads. The store itself is open and inviting and the staff is always very nice. I love that Fresh Thyme offers bulk goods that can be refilled. Since I am trying to cut back on packaging, this appeared to be the perfect option for me. However, when I arrived, I met several problems. First, I could not find any non-packaged fruit, besides apples. Second, I could not find a scale to weigh my dried goods jars before and after adding dry goods. Third, I was treated poorly at checkout. Rather than graciously informing me where the scales were and requesting that I record the 3 number code per dry good, she spoke down to me in her corrections. Also upon checkout, I said "This is my first time here. I'm trying to cut back on plastic so figured I could use all my reusables here." She replied "so no plastic bags then?" whilr gesturing to my reusable bag on the checkout belt. I confirmed and panicked through finding my dry good codes. When I returned, all of my goods were packed in plastic bags with my reusable bag next to them, empty. 

I have never had such poor service from a grocery checkout. In no case is it right to blatantly ignore the customers' wishes while speaking down to them. This employee will make me reconsider ever returning. Everytime I go to a fresh thyme for a Wheatgrass shot, no one is able to make me one. Not just this location. Either they don't have the grass, no one is able to do it or no one is willing. Where else can you get Wheatgrass shots in Lafayette? Fresh Thyme is a wonderful grocery store with a great bulk selection. The prices are comparable to every other grocery store, and they always have great deals! This is a great place to get alternative, hard-to-find food items. However I am able to find quite a few of these items at the Payless on Greenbush and often at a cheaper price. Overall I do love having a store like this in Lafayette. Now, to my major grievance: the unfriendly staff. Yesterday the cashier did not say a word to me and actually threw all my items into the bag. The rest of the staff were not much better, all with their heads down and sullen expressions on their faces. We've always gotten great, above and beyond, exceptional service from this location. Thank you for providing such amazing customer service and always having helpful employees around. We love shopping here and go here for most of our produce and meats! Their deli has some good food you can take to go. The staff is very helpful. Although it can be pricey you can catch very good deals with their weekly ads. They also carry some products that other chains nearby don't. It's a weekly trip for me. I am so happy that Fresh Thyme came to town. We are already on a first name basis with most of the cashiers. I love making my own cashew butter. Their produce is fresh, and they have a good selection. I think it is a great concept and can be a great addition to Lafayette, There can be some great products to be had at great prices at times. However, when I visited last week, I had the most difficult time finding any loose onions that seemed suitable for purchase. The cookies and muffins are really good, just a bit overly sweet. The deli has a great selection but I would like if the staff could pay a little more attention to the counter. Takes awhile to be acknowledged. Also, whatever coffee was available by the cup at the sandwich counter, was outstanding. I love this place!  The fresh produce, packaged Indian food, olive bar, and the bulk items: bulk coffee, bulk grains, nuts, dried fruits/vegetables, and candies and snacks are great. The liquid bar is clever (honey, other liquid food items) and the nut butter bar (make your own nut butters
from various nuts) is great, although I haven't bought anything. They also have a pretty good deli, butcher (with exotic meets like elk available in the pre-packaged section), and pre-made/prepared fresh foods (they have a really excellent vegetable soup).

They have an amazing selection of exotic (non-alcoholic) drinks and packaged foods - both
refrigerated and frozen.  Prices on the the fresh produce are GREAT.

The employees are always nice and it's a fun place to shop.  

The only minus is that I wish their bakery items were nicer (higher end, with decorated cakes, etc). I drive an hour because I love this store.
I use unique items (Stevia, erythritol, Zevia, oolong tea, almond milk, Ezekiel bread) most stores near me do not carry (or are crazy high in price) and they have these things at reasonable prices or if they don't... 
I have requested Lily's chocolate bars and low and behold, they now carry those! (I LOVE a store that listens to their customers!!!) They have a suggestion box after the checkouts. 
I appreciate their bulk foods so I can get just a tiny bit of any odd thing I need.
Good prices on fresh veggies. AND I believe their veggies are fresh. 
They are helpful and friendly. 
They have samples many times.
Clean, trendy look makes me feel special. ;-)
They carry lotions and lip balms and creams and they have testers of these things.
Ground turkey.
Some things are a tiny bit pricey but not as outrageous as some other health food stores I could frequent. 
Their sales are good and ultimately that keeps me coming back. My wife and I tried the Pizza at Fresh Thyme Farmers Market based on the review submitted by Julie D. We ordered a 12" pizza with extra cheese, glad we did, and sausage. The amount of cheese on our pizza was nothing more than we would expect on a regular cheese pizza. The sausage and one other meat selection in the  display of selectable toppings did not look fresh. Seven minutes later, our pizza came out of the little box oven. The cheese on top was done well, however the super thin crust was under-cooked. The fellow that took our order and made our pizza was very nice. I did-not find any salt, black pepper or grated cheese to put on our pizza. If I'm not mistaken, the pizza cost #6.99, one dollar less than their regular price for that 12" pizza. I can't give as high a score as Julie D gave her pizza, but the pizza was tasty. The Fresh Thyme Farmers Market is new to Lafayette and seems to be doing well. The staff is very helpful and accommodating. I'll probably do an overall rating of the store  after I've shopped there a few more times. Today, I am only rating their pizza. The opinions expressed in this review are mine alone.
I will try their pizza again in a few weeks to see if they have made any changes/improvements. Razor1313
PS; The popyee saying the employees are wearing on the back of their tee shirts " I am what I am " is almost the same saying I put  on my business cards 35 years ago. My logo actually stated " I am what I am-that's why I am what I am. I Like it.  
I have been in touch with someone at The Fresh Market and Whole Foods for 2 years, shortly after my wife and I moved to Lafayette, In., begging them to open a store in Lafayette. I gave them each a dozen reasons why Lafayette would be a great viable location. It never happened, but I am glad that Fresh Thyme reccognised Lafayette's potential. I hope The Fresh Thyme Market Place does well in Lafayette. Surprisingly tasty pizza, built fresh, while you watch.   Generous, tasty toppings.   I only tried it once so I'm hoping it's always that good. First, I already liked them prior to this review. Their employees are friendly, the meats are amazing, the store is clean, the pizza and sandwiches are very tasty. Great place. This review is for what happened the other day. My sister and I went in to grab pizza for ourselves. The employee behind the counter ignored us at first, then cussed at the other girl working there, then cleaned up a spill behind the counter that was on the floor while wearing gloves, then without changing gloves immediately went to fixing other orders. Gross. Really gross. Change your gloves. We turned in our pizza order then found a manager and told him. He  immediately apologized, made our pizzas himself, then gave us a discount when we purchased the pizzas. His customer service was top notch and his handling of the issue was well above expectation. I would highly recommend this store to anyone. They obviously care about their customers. The market runs on Thursdays 2-6PM, April through November.

There's fruits, veggies, plants (including tomato, veggie, herb and flowering plants). Fresh baked goods...bread, cookies, pecan pie!!!, oatmeal brownies, cupcakes, zucchini bread. There's a stand with a guy making fresh donuts. There's honey, jams (Pear Jellyand Tomato Jam, for example). Fresh cut flowers. Gourds. Teas. Cheese. And lots more!   

I've been here several times, and everybody has been super nice. 

There's tons of parking and it's really close to the food stands. Lots of vendors.  A Mennonite family has baked goods which are delicious - I recommend the whole wheat bread & the pecan sticky buns which aren't too sweet.  I don't recommend the sourdough bread - it tastes like a dry white bread but not sourdough.  Several veggie sellers from Cobden, IL with good produce. Fresh fruit and veggies, hand made soap, cup cakes, donuts, goat cheese, plants, honey and more!  I tried goat cheese curds with basil and onion--it was delicious!  

There was plenty of parking. Everyone was very friendly. Prices were reasonable. All the same great stuff of the main Edward's Apple Orchard with only a fraction of the people. Please keep going to the other one so it's less crowded for me :)

The route there was under construction and had to detour around, but signs were well marked. Old lady in the store can use a lesson in customer service. My family came after harvest and first frost.  Since there were no apples on the trees we picked some up off the ground that weren't too brown and took a picture holding them. My son decided to continue eating his.  

We went into the store and walked around fo a while. I noticed the old lady eye balling my son as he walked around the store. Where ever he went her eyes went with a dirty look on her face. I thought it was strange but didn't think much of it.  They weren't busy so she didn't have much else to do I guess.  

We had about $140 worth of things from the store to buy when we went up to the registers.  There was on other customer behind us.  As we are walking up there was one other customer behind us. The young cashier that the old lady was talking to was very quick to ask us (before saying hello or anything else) was "we noticed the little guy was snacking on an apple where did he get that from".  Before I could even get my story out of my mouth the angry old lady was quick to reply (even though the customer behind me was at her counter) "well then that will cost you $1 bc if everyone here did that we would have a huge problem!!! ".  It was in a very rude tone that she couldn't wait to get out all while she ignored the customers at her register.  

It wasn't the $1 she was wanting to charge me that was the issue.  I get what she was trying to say, although she could have used a different tone. If it was that big of an issue she could have addressed it when she first noticed it quietly not in front of other customers.  What bothers me here is how she eyeballed my son and my family the entire time and then waited until we got to the registers and says it very loudly in front of other customers that she was ignoring.  

We decided we didn't want to spend our money at a business that would employ such a poor employee and told them they can put back the $140 worth of items we would have bought had the old lady acted in a more professional manner about the issue.  Had she handled it correctly I would have happily handed over the $1 for the post harvest apple and completed my purchase.  

It's too bad this employee that needs a lesson in customer service has reunited my family's perception of all Edwards Apple Orchard locations and brands.  I have grown up going there and up until this day brought my kids there multiple times per year. This is our absolute favorite orchard.  Always stock up on honeycrisp apples, the homemade honey and of course apple cider donuts.  Great family outing with many things to do for the kids. You can still get the same delicious apple cider donuts as the other location, so we were happy! Our three year old loved playing on the wooden train and school bus. It's a less crowded location and we enjoy going every year! Not much here!  A couple of goats, lambs, chickens and turkeys.  That's the little farm.  The orchard is small.  When we arrived we saw that only one variety of apple was available for picking. Ok.  It's late in the season.  They have other varieties for sale in the barn.  We decided to check out the barn first.  Not much there either.  They do make fresh donuts which were great but besides that there were only a few overpriced items for sale.  We walked outside to see that they had closed the apple picking.  When we asked we were told they closed for the season.  It was only 4pm and there were plenty of apples on the trees but no luck.  I think the guy wanted to go home.  

In a half hour we saw everything and couldn't pick apples.  Also, no pets are allowed.  Not even leashed.  They have a picture of a dog standing in front of the barn on their website.  When you are actually standing there in front of the barn, there  are several signs that say "No pets."  

With all the options available in the area, Edwards West is one to skip. This place is awful. They're all rude and they get mad over nothing. I'm only giving it 2 for there being Applejack plushes. Also, not worth the price. The slushies were tiny, and they were $3.00. Its ridiculous. Smaller version of Poplar Grove but much less busy. I LOVE the apple cider slushes and the other location does not have them. They also have corn kernel sensory areas and a cool little school house and tractors to sit on. Have been here a few years in a row and always have a great time.  Apples are delicious as are the donuts!  Love the animals on the property.  Only problem is you have to buy a huge bag of apples in order to pick- you aren't allowed to pick in smaller quantities. I took my children here when the season first started and it was our first time visiting West - They did not have any animals but a few goats - but i understood that they were just get ready for the season. Great donuts as usually and cute gift shop. My children enjoyed playing with the corn in the silos. Only bad thing that happened was one of their dogs ate my sons donut out of his hands This family Fall day trip never disapoints.  Even my college aged girls love the day out and there are always lots of young families running around enjoying themselves. Went to Boggios for the first time yesterday, with five kids (4, 12 and three 9 year olds).  We were very impressed - very clean and lots of things to do for all the kids. They loved the jumping pillow and the Ye Olde Mine Shaft, pedal cars and the tree house slide. The little one really enjoyed the "corn" box. 

We took a hay rack ride out to the pumpkin fields and found a great variety of pumpkins and gourds. The prices were fantastic. We bought three good sizes pumpkins and a few small plus a few gourds for just $10. 

We also had hot apple cider, kettle corn and some of the best apple cider donuts (still warm!). 

Boggios was a great value! Great little orchard! Workers are very friendly. Good selection of produce and baked goods. Lots of animals for the kids to feed. Nice park to play on. Great little orchard with petting zoo and farm fresh vegetables and food. People are very nice, friendly and helpful. 

The corn maze is fun and there's a huge playground for kids. 

A good time. You'll love it here. I will return if ever in the area again. 

Don't miss their apple cider donuts. They're amazing. This is a happening place! Bus loads of kids, pumpkins, gourds, corn, apples - very nice! The inside of the main building has a fudgery and bakery in the back, which makes some awesome looking apple cider donuts (which my mother in law loves). The husband and I wanted some pumpkins to take home back to Indiana so we braved the freezing cold quickly picked out a few big, nice pumpkins. The prices are really reasonable for an orchard type place. Each of our big pumpkins was $6 - and they all had prices written on the tops (no weighing by the pound). The inside of the main building also is full of canned goods - preserves, pickled items, BBQ, and sauces. Be a great place to pick up some holiday gifts! Grandma got a big bag of apples for baking, so she was pleased.  Boggios is super fun - just wish the weather hadn't been so cold when we went! I have passed this gem numerous times, finally stopped in.  What a find, if you can, this is the go to place for your veggies.  The produce is beautiful, and plentiful. I have found the place for eggs, tomatoes, peppers and all the good wholesome things I love to eat.  Take the time and find this for yourself, you will be HAPPY!! Sweet family owned farm in northwest Illinois.  Their vegetables are fresh and homegrown.  Simple and sweet. Today was their first day open and they will be open until it gets cold. We were there for fresh sweet corn which they started picking today. They have cole crops like cabbage and tomatoes that come from southern Illinois until their own plants have ripe tomatoes. You will love the people who work there. We will return many times while we are in the area. Love this place;great produce and staff! Looking forward to next summer and their wonderful selection. Rockford City Market is a fun twist on a Farmer's Market that is in Downtown Rockford on Water Street between State and Market. 

There are people selling homemade crafts, produce, meats and cheeses, beer (yes, beer! Carlyle's brewing company has a table there and some local distributor as well), food and entertainment! From what I gathered, the booths change through out the season; some are only there for certain days while others for the entire show. That can be good or bad. If you find a place you like they may not be there the next week, but there may be something you like more! Plus the entertainment changes every week. 

This week while there we bought beer, a necklace and earrings for my wife, candied nuts, beer, peaches, pet odor eliminate candles, beer, sweet corn, Bleu cheese, a 5 gallon bucket, beer (not a 5 gallon bucket of beer!) some food and just had a good time. We even were able to take our son over to the permanent cooling off fountain the city has where he and the other kids can play in it while the parents watched. 

It was a good time. We killed 2 hours here just hanging out. Parking is a little difficult. There is a lot of public parking, but it was full by the time we arrived and ended up having to park in the public lot over by the Metro Center. This isn't a bad walk, nice scenic view crossing the State Street bridge over the mighty Rock River. 

If you go, bring cash. Some places might take cards or checks, but it seemed mostly to be a cash only arrangement. I've been here a few times and I think this is the best kept secret in RFD.  Plenty of options of places to eat, either at the market or surrounding areas.  My suggestion is to get there as early as possible.  I've varied the times I've gone and the later it is, vendors might run out.  There are maybe two or three places to actually buy produce etc,so don't get your hopes up on cleaning house on veggies.  However, food and beer are abundant, as well as live music.  Great local artists selling their items as well.  
Plenty of parking near by.  Don't be afraid to hang by the river! Had a great time, very good to take a family to. We ate Zammuto's Italian Ice from their booth, which was 5.00 for 2 small. We also rode the trolley. There were a few good tents. Thats the only good thing i have to say about it.

The crowd at the city market seems to not realize that their are other people there besides them. To even think about getting a sample of something or asking any questions about the products of a booth, you would literally have to push through the 8-12 people who decide to over run the tent so they can continue to snack. 

I've seen too many people stand around the same tent for hours to keep getting samples. buy a damn jar or bucket or what the f*** ever and get out of the way so other people can enjoy these booths too.

If it weren't for the crowd of disrespectful rockfordians, i'm sure it'd be a great place to visit. I have been going to this market since it first opened since it was walking distance from my past employer. I loved he local specialty shops and produce that were there. They have added more over the years as well as a pavilion for shade which is great! Only negative thing I could say more seating This is a great idea and I would love to spend every Friday here...but the downside is that it's too crowded. Needs to be more spread out I loved city market when it originally started, but as the event became more popular and overcrowded, it lost a lot of it's appeal. When the event banned dogs, it became even more of a downer. From what I hear said ban on dogs was due to irresponsible owners, which again is a pity, but no less than I would expect. The vendors are great individually and I still love going to the market for the fun products and delightful foods, but it's not as great as some of the markets in Beloit, Madison, and Chicago. We have enjoyed the City Market a number of times on a Summer evening.  As it becomes more popular, which is seems to be, it needs to grow in space and in vendors.  Last time we were there it appeared there were more people there than the vendors and venue could handle.  Worth a try and I wish them success if/when they grow! The best maple syrup I've ever had! As far as I can tell, it's only available at the Bloomington Community Farmers' Market. They give out free samples for a reason. Once you've tried it, you will be addicted and unable to eat any other syrup without longing for theirs. It's thinner and smoother than any maple syrup I've tried. Thought I had reviewed this previously.  This is our favorite farmers' market in the area.  There is a wide selection of products and the wonderful smell of crepes being prepared, greets you.  It is set up up in one of the parking lots on Liberty and Main.  The market is held on Saturday mornings starting in April ( I think) and running, at least until the end of October.  Of course, depending on what is in season, that will have the largest selection.  There are multiple produce stands, so check them all out before making your purchase.  Flowers are always a "must buy".  This is a perfect way to spend a few hours on a Saturday morning. Admission: Green City Market overwhelms me a bit. Indeed, it's superior in many ways...but the smaller markets give one a sense of leisure. We were able to park right across the street from Starr Park (Oakley & Washington) walk right in to the small circle of vendors, pick out our (incredible) items, and be on our way with very little trouble or fanfare. It just felt...convenient. And, summery. And...sweet. And, supportive. 

Together we fetched coffee from the greeter stand...$1 suggested donation quickly dropped for each cup, then...that's where the coupledom fell to the wayside....ha!

My salad maestro split straight for the farmstand....while I of course made a beeline for the baked goods. C'est la vie...and yes, they are French  ;) 

Sisters of Notre Dame (a local church at 1335 W Harrison): Beautiful baguettes, loaves of raspberry bundt bread, slices of lemon/blueberry bread, bags of carefully constructed madelines, tempting tarts (chocolate, lemon, blueberry, mixed fruit), apple turnovers. All fresh-baked by the sisters themselves...for $5 I snagged a baguette, apple turnover and slice of that insane lemon/blueberry bread to share for breakfast. 


KAP Farms: the sole fruit 'n veggie vendor packs a produce punch with some delightful offerings: pearl onions, beets, radishes, heirloom tomatoes, squash, cukes, lettuces of many varieties, peaches, apples, cherries, berries...you name it, it's likely here. All fresh and EXTREMELY well priced and displayed. We walked away with an entire box for $45, easily half of what we'd have paid at a mediocre grocery store. 

Tomato Mountain from Brooklyn, WI: (http://www.tomatomountain.com/)
An entire line of organic salsas, jams and spreads. I didn't spend quite enough time at this booth, but did grab some info on their CSA (Community Supported Agriculture) program, which sounds very tempting indeed...a sample of their raspberry jam was heaven, and had I thunk a bit clearer (more coffee!) it would've been the perfect complement to the lemon/blueberry bread. How do you say sugar coma in organic French? 

In short: This is a great little market in a newly spiffed up park to stop by (even if you do not live in the 'hood) with easy parking, friendly (and well stocked!) vendors, and a great mission...bringing fresh produce to the Near West Side, an area that is blighted by abysmal offerings in this regard. 

Salad Man and I give it a stamp of a approval, and even Tillie enjoyed lolling in the grass and sneaking a bite of baguette...look for this to get even bigger and better with community support. 

*Presented by the Neighbor's Development Network, focused on the revitalization of Chicago's Near West Side: http://www.ndncdc.org/

**2010 dates: Sunday, May 30, 2010-Sunday, September 26, 2010 The market was a lot smaller (5-6 active vendors) than I expected, but this could have also been due to the fact that it was the very last one of the season (and I think that this was an added-on date from the original schedule?)... also I showed up near the end, when some of the tables seemed to be emptied out.  
I was still impressed though by the stands and selections that were there.  It's a much needed event for the Near West Side.

I'll just copy & paste this email that listed the day's itinerary:

-  Come to the market early, there will be free Starbucks coffee . . .
- At 9:30 am do some Yoga with Alicia Messenger - all ages all abilities welcome!
- Enjoy live harp music while you shop.
- At 11:00 am watch a cooking demonstration by Chef Chris Reed, owner of The Rice Table who specializes in Indonesian Cuisine.
- From 11am-1pm enjoy some Indonesian food for lunch, prepared by Chef Chris Reed.
- For this last market only, the Sisters of Notre Dame return with French tarts, pastries and breads.
- Pick up some fresh apples, pumpkins, garlic, squash, and other vegetables from KAP farms.
- Tomato Mountain Farms will have organic salsas, sauces, and soup. 
- Leila Manoochehri from LEILALOVE will again bring her POMOLIVE, pomegranate & olive spread and cookies to the market.  

Definitely bring cash, although I saw a sign at the Tomato Mountain Farms booth that said they accepted credit card. Great Farmers Market. There are just a few venders, but they all have a ton of stuff. The vegetables alone are enough to make me give up all meat. There were a good number of people and dogs. Everyone was friendly and dog friendly. Met really nice people. I plan to go back every Sunday. The Sunday Market is a new and exciting farmers' market located at the corner of Oakley & Washington. It is the only farmers' market on the near west side just west of the United Center. Fresh produce grown locally is available from a farm in southern Illinois. French nuns from France sell delicious homemade French pastries, baguettes and croissants while speaking beautiful french. Sip coffee house on Grand ave. sells its wonderful coffee and iced teas. An organic tomato farm sells wonderful salsas and sauces. There is a vendor who sells eco-friendly baby accessories as well as a local florist selling beautiful cut flowers. The park is a lovely setting for this wonderful market. It is great to see so much activity in this area and finally a place for people in this emerging neighborhood to gather and shop for fresh food. I am just a very infrequent visitor, but I LOVE THIS PLACE.  My grandparents come almost every week just to see what's for sale, and when I'm in town, I jump at the chance to accompany them.

My grandparents go mostly because they enjoy the small animal, produce, etc. auction on Wednesdays.  When I've gone in the early summer, there are scores of baby goats, baby chicks, and other baby farm animals to see and purchase.  Also plenty of full sized poultry and rabbits ready to be butchered.  Inexpensive, farm raised eggs and seasonal produce are there throughout the year.  The smaller auction also features things you might find at a yard sale, estate sale, or thrift shop.  Everything is numbered and the auction starts at around 10:30.  

Simultaneously, a livestock auction takes place in a different area of the sale barn.  Various animals are auctioned throughout the week.  I was there on a Wednesday, which is sheep and goat day.  There are days set aside for specialty auctions, which feature draft horses, farm machinery, and carriages.

The sale barn also has a small cafe, where my grandparents often end their trip to Kalona with a slice of homemade pie.  It is run by local Amish women and is pretty good.

Of course, Kalona, Iowa is also home to one of the larger Amish settlements in America.  At the sale barn, Amish families place bids right alongside the old farmers.  There's a field set aside for carriage parking. It's a great opportunity to interact with people whose way of life is completely foreign to the average American.

I love the sale barn because it's such an amazing way to observe a regional culture that is rapidly disappearing.  Corporate farms and urban sprawl are taking a toll on small farms across the country, but a morning at the sale barn provides insight about what life might have been like in the Midwest before these new ideals took root. Honestly, this place is so cool.  If the opportunity ever presents itself, you should go. This is a great place ran by great people. If I find myself in need of a cow, horse or any other type of farm animal this is the place to go. I have passed this gem numerous times, finally stopped in.  What a find, if you can, this is the go to place for your veggies.  The produce is beautiful, and plentiful. I have found the place for eggs, tomatoes, peppers and all the good wholesome things I love to eat.  Take the time and find this for yourself, you will be HAPPY!! Sweet family owned farm in northwest Illinois.  Their vegetables are fresh and homegrown.  Simple and sweet. Today was their first day open and they will be open until it gets cold. We were there for fresh sweet corn which they started picking today. They have cole crops like cabbage and tomatoes that come from southern Illinois until their own plants have ripe tomatoes. You will love the people who work there. We will return many times while we are in the area. Love this place;great produce and staff! Looking forward to next summer and their wonderful selection. I don't usually review things on Yelp, but I was so appalled by my experience at this produce stand in Wilmette and their being so disrespectful that I had to write something.

I went to buy some produce from Chicago Organics and they were awful.  Not only did I notice that they lied about a lot of their produce being local (when it wasn't), but they seemed like they were just more 'get-rich-quick' types, trying to make an extra buck off of the green movement.  They didn't seem to care about me as a customer and the owners are terrible for lying to honest, hard-working people about their produce.  The produce wasn't even good for being so ridiculously expensive.  I would never give them another cent of my money.